believe in wireless he needs to see it
boom and we're live what's up bridge how
are you man spot baby what's for doing
this I really appreciate it thank you
for having me on the show man well I've
read about you
fellow Boston native and I've read about
your Tesla journey and I was like this
is a fucking interesting story this guy
buys a broken Tesla right and then you
couldn't get parts for it anywhere nope
so what had happened to the car had been
in an accident no so the I met the
previous owner and he actually uh I
think was during Hurricane sandy he
thought that he goes wait a minute that
water level seems low enough to me to
drive through it and he decided driving
through the water I think I got to like
the almost like the b-pillar Ono's like
where his neck is yeah Jesus Christ yeah
I know right so he thought he could
fight the water he lost obviously and it
was just under water and I'm like you
know what I gotta try this thing and so
what it what would Tesla do in that
situation if he wanted to bring it back
to them they would have to rebuild the
entire car they wouldn't even do it
because at that point once anything
liquid you know any kind of like water
intrusion happens at an Eevee face right
the whole car off insurance company is
this like we're not gonna do it too
risky too risky
not worth there were you aware of the
Fisker dilemma at hurricane sandy when
they had the Fiskars that were parked at
the it was like at a some sort of a dock
right where they weren't a ship they all
exploded yeah I'll burn the outer level
rose right the water got into them they
just went off and they fucking fire lost
a whole bunch of them yeah look just a
video of it you can watch the video of
the fuck you blowing up so as the water
level rose and the hurt you'd see the
water breaching yeah
well the water gets to the cars and when
it gets to the cars they just start
going off like fucking fuck oh yeah oh
yeah I know that feeling
supernovae I mean those are big ass
fucking batteries just blowing that's
not a joke
that turns night in the day that's
amazing how many thing left like 40 cars
they lost a fuckload the company
essentially went they went radio silent
yeah for like a year that's a big al to
take yeah take it yeah
once we realized their car could just
explode
good what happened this kid this video
pot I didn't look at the name of the
video it popped up when I typed in the
Fisker explosion but this was the
explosion of the Con Ed plant oh that's
a difference yeah but there is a video
of the actual Fiskars exploding isn't
that there's definitely pictures the
second video won't be as exciting now
yeah more information set us back an
hour yeah so that's the cars that's what
it was left to them
Wow and they all fucking blew up it's a
beautiful car though Fisker did a great
job of making a car that looks really
good right but you know what's funny I I
think the back ends kind of ugly - I
think the fun's like a fish the back
kind of ugly and then actually if you're
a driven one no I've been in one no when
you drive one you'll be like ah I get
why this didn't work out well Justin
Bieber had a all-chrome one I remember
that does he still have it though
does he still have it he probably
doesn't even know yeah he probably does
know at this point yeah you know the
mountain money that dude must have yeah
he has no idea if he has that car no
kiddin it's got tucked away somewhere
but what do they drive like they're just
it's not really great cars it's not
really a driver's car yeah it's it's a
2+2 the the centre closest thing got
closer to sorry that sorry it moves
around if you want to take the the
center console super wide it's a super
awkward car to drive and it's not really
good at really anything you know it
doesn't styling wise I'm like yeah so
you think that back-end looks ugly I
don't think I get that much no no I like
it but you know what's funny the chrome
wasn't look that bad some guy got
arrested in Germany they pulled him over
and and compounded his car because he
had a gold shiny rap on it alright was a
too reflective or something I see now
and there's a couple on Sun cycle yeah
yeah they'll let you do that in America
but in Germany they're like fuck off you
know they're like harsh cold
stoic folk you know they don't want you
doing that and then I want you flexing
too much over there yeah not too much
now I bet they were like reluctantly or
making cars like super flashy for like
American markets and shit I think so too
you know I wonder you think so I don't
know I don't know
yay I wonder how much of an influence it
has like if you could leave them to
themselves right what causes it yeah
yeah because I feel like so much of it
is like market-driven but they when it
comes to like engineering and handling
like god damn German cars haven't nailed
they really do nail you know what the
Americans are they were trying to sneak
up and get close for a while but I mean
like the Germans just a standard place
with the Americans fuck with it is like
have you ever driven a Camaro zl1 I have
yeah there that's a preposterous car
it's an awesome car it's amazing I have
a Corvette zo6 ooh which year and zero
six zero six which is you know the LS
seven seven liter and it's an insane car
by today's standards it only has like
505 horsepower funny but like it's not a
lot it's a mean it's a mean car the car
put you on your ass really quick man to
a man our friend Taylor out there was
telling us that they put a Tesla in
ludicrous mode on a dyno and it had some
insane number of torques right it's 900
pound pound foot of torque right and
somewhere in the neighborhood of a
thousand horsepower and the dyno could
barely even read it a lot of times they
even go that high in a lot of cases yeah
they're insane cars man
I'm telling you the Americans know how
to do it now I think it's interesting
that you know people don't realize this
when they see a Tesla it's a fully
American car yeah I didn't realize after
just like oh it's probably something
like you know German or like Japanese
car but the cars 100% made here is this
it right here Jamie yes
is this the which model is this Peter D
so that's the biggest one so what does
it say he's on a Mustang Dino sound work
little boys won't tell you this tesla up
here and try to figure out how fast she
goes I think I'll get it to jump yeah no
I think it uh look at the PE it even
almost jumps off the dyno at this point
there's so much torque
yeah it's a very very very powerful car
but I've tried to describe it to people
especially people didn't never driven an
electric car I'm like it doesn't even
seem real it seems like it violates
physics so how do you like yours by the
way I know I know that Elon Musk came
here and bambbles did you into buying
one pretty much mmm I love it I love it
it's great isn't it it makes other cars
seem stupid right
that makes it and I love cars oh yeah I
know you're a car guy I've loved them I
love cars that don't even drive that
fast
I love mechanical engineer excellence I
love them when people figure things out
right now which is what brought me to
you I love the fact that you took this
car that was fucked up right and you
refused to let it go you're like I'm
gonna figure out how to fix this fucking
thing how much did you buy it for what
it was fifteen grand it just to be clear
on something I'm not like some like evil
genius or Brainiac this was driven by my
cheapness I didn't want to spend the
kind of money they were asking for one
right so so basically this car was like
15 grand and the whole story started
with my friend came over he actually had
a job at Tesla and he's like buddy
listen did these crazy cars I know you
have a zo6 but this car is faster than
that you're gonna love this thing I was
like that Electric crap box I don't want
anything to do with that right he
brought the car over great-looking car I
said alright you know take it for a
drive or whatever and the thing was
amazing right amazing car so I was in
tech and I'm just like listen like you
know what how much does this thing cost
like I make decent money whatever I'll
just throw some money at it he's like
listen this will cost about 120 I said
you know what have a nice day I'm like
I'm not shit and then he so he left and
I thought to myself like every night I
was like you know I got to get my hands
on one of these cars man I got to get
one like you know sell a kidney whatever
I sell a testicle whatever I can do and
it I was searching online and you know
at what happens is whenever our car gets
messed up whenever a car gets as I say
totaled in a way and it's a total loss
an insurance company will take it and
they'll kind of auction it off to like
the highest bidder so I went to an
auction site and I saw one for sale was
like you know 50
Grainne they said it didn't run or drive
and it was in the flood I'm just like 15
grand I could do that it's a piece of
cake man threw some money at it whatever
how hard can it be you stick it in a bag
of rice tie it up he's like no your
iPhone's right right your enemy it's
like that sucks doing a bag of rice and
you get to go so I figured all I'd do
just buy more rice for this thing and I
got it home and I was like you know what
this is I got myself into some shit here
because this it was a lot more work than
I thought it was gonna be so you didn't
sight unseen you know I didn't see and
that's that's the way it is the most
times they don't really let you on the
auction Lots too often hmm so they took
five photos of it it was some from the
interior some from the side and I'm one
under the the Franck and I was this like
I could probably do this right no big
deal so this begins this project which
takes how long from to completion I
think it took me about maybe six or
seven months or so of straight work no
so I have so I was working at the time
and I I think only between the hours of
like 7:00 p.m. and like 11:00 p.m. like
every night choose and then weekends for
a few hours until I figured it out yeah
so goodbye social life pretty much yeah
I was I was a hermit for that for those
months and what I actually ended up
doing was so I had the car right so I
was freaking out because my wife was
just like how much was that thing like
yeah she had a divorce papers ready
pretty much and oh is that it I know
that was a different one oh fuck yeah
that was really messed up now I I
couldn't say how much did you get that
one for that one was about bleep guess
four grand I was 20 grand I paid for
them total yeah I know but these could
they're so valuable man really because
you know why it's the the the battery
technology and the motor technology that
Tesla is using everyone's just dying for
that stuff man so any any any req tehsil
that you find minimum I know I'm
spilling the secret sauce here minimum
worth 15 grand even if it looks like
that dead serious that's insane what
that doesn't even have doors yeah why
does nobody took I took the door I took
the door but the battery pack is still
in there right and the molds that you
want and the motor was still in there -
do people take those and put them in
like old cars or anything yeah
yeah it's a that's the new generation of
hot rodders no because you saw something
like that about a Mustang it's like a 65
66 Mustang that was electric but I
didn't know what train it used so so you
know how they get you're a gearhead you
know this the the LS swap they put
literally an LS into everything yeah I
have a lance grand cruiser toyota
landcruiser with one LS swap shit so
that's a new LS swap basically so the
Tesla motor is the new LS wat everyone
is swapping a Tesla motor into you know
Volkswagen bugs into out ease into into
Porsches into everything well I know
they people are doing LS swaps into 911s
and Porsche people are losing their
fucking minds I'm not taking old
air-cooled cars yeah which are really
notoriously difficult to get to a high
horsepower exactly cuz those air-cooled
cars like you can only get them like
around 400 plus horse brothers that's
not crumbling unless your singer right
well they've got that insanely
engineered new one what does that call
Oh either way it's gonna cost you like
you know damn near a hundred thousand
dollars yeah something dynamic
lightweight something it's the most
gorgeous looking of those portions of
ever seen Everest languages and they
built that one up to 500 plus horsepower
right Hamid how much does it cost though
that's the thing fucking million million
sick yeah you know that's a giant house
man that's a house with land yeah you
might have a little actually that's not
true in LA that's not a house
no Ellen's not the real world what is
that 67 Mustang needs Tesla AVR Motors
all-electric muscle car holy fuck that's
a 68 that's a good-looking - that's one
of the best-looking rear ends of any car
ever an awesome looking car fuck that
looks incredible 2.20 60 there you go
what the fuck so that's the new that's
new it's so there's it's gonna cost you
a ton of a mark that yeah it's gonna
cost you a ton of money to recreate that
same look you know that's rice green -
that's so weird though to not shift a
muscle car yeah I'm think I'm out I'm
out I'm backing out I'm backing out but
you love your tough so Doug if that but
it doesn't look like that that would be
a super ultra poser right the door
those come out like a test oh wait
that's a test door handle fuck off next
no no no there's a company that does
it's a company called ravallo G that
makes old like 1966 to like 68 Mustangs
but they do it with all new parts right
and modern technical mod pretty much not
though because it's a new car
there they buy the fool that's a that's
actually a brand new car that's never
existed oh really
yeah the ground-up ground-up built they
buy the whole you know because it's I
think it's called a unibody construction
is that what it is there's something the
way that these Mustangs are constructed
the bodies built into the frame and they
buy this company sells them like
completed versions of the body kit that
are perfect with perfect tolerances
right so like that like it's going like
that's one there's 67 Shelby gt500
what's the pricing oh wow stupid expect
yeah yeah it's not gonna work
it's like two Tesla's yeah pretty much
yeah but they're dope it's dope is fuck
if you look at like what it looks like
go down see some pictures of it Jamie
you'd get a better a better sense of it
but this guy's that's great I'm
meticulous yeah this company is very
meticulous I've been following their
stuff for quite a while what they do is
really incredible that's an all met
all-new sheetmetal I can have any things
new but it has skilar brakes and it has
the modern coyote Mustang engine right
five oh yeah so it's a 460 horsepower
engine and these old badass muscle cars
and that one's the gt500 that was
actually supercharged that is a 600
horsepower engine it's dope they're
fucking gorgeous they're gorgeous cars
they're really pretty
so what would you think about someone
dropping an electric motor on one of
these things
see I love it look I love I love people
doing crazy shit but it's not for me
yeah I need a shift if I'm driving that
thing I got to pretend I'm Queen
Manson thing so what do you think about
the new you seen the new Tesla Roadster
right gorgeous what do you think I love
doesn't yeah but it's theirs from the
bottom up you know I'm saying it's like
I don't mind not shifting in it that
thing seems like it's gonna literally
punch a hole through space I think so
too man
I think so too I think they're looking
at it like 0 to 60 in like one point
something second I think it's one nine
that's what they're saying it's insane
that's bizarre I know it's crazy when
you feel it in the p100 demine like
everybody that I get in the car and I
stomp on the gas they're like they can't
believe it yeah they can't believe it
these are around you it's like it's like
vampires being around people people they
just leap to the top of buildings that
walk it around and regular until that
shit goes down yeah no they're they're
absolutely amazing cars man and I think
that's that's what the main reason why I
was like I gotta get one of these man so
what what was the struggle initial
struggle you have the car you take it
apart and what did you see rights pretty
much I was kind of taking my time
because I knew there was a point where I
couldn't fix the damn thing and I'm just
kind of wasting everyone's time wisely
hey is this thing almost done I was like
yeah babe don't worry about it we're
good don't worry your money's safe and
so there's a certain point where I took
everything apart and I was like all
right cool I found a dead fish in the
back of the car so actually you know
what the turning point this whole thing
was that the turning point was I I
realized it was salt water and not fresh
so you know what salt water does to
stuff right so it just it just kills
everything so 90% of the car was kind of
toast and I said to myself all right I'm
gonna call Tesla you know buy a motor
buy a battery pack I'll be good you know
I mean maybe I'll spend like 20 grand
for a battery and like maybe 10 for a
motor I'll be kneeling for 40 it's still
cheaper than 100 right right so so I
called them up and you know they were
like hey you know how's it going man I
was like hey you know what crazy thing
happened right so I bought this test was
underwater and I need like a couple of
things a battery and you like a motor
you know just just throw me those things
it's fine they're like what we're not
gonna sell it to
Sogo why not cuz you have no capability
of fixing the car yourself you know
you're gonna get yourself killed it's
not gonna work you know
give me your VIN number I gave him the
VIN number they're like no that cars
listed as Salvage that thing was
underwater we're not gonna help you and
they just up the phone oh yeah so like
here's the crazy part too is that they
know
you know I'm putting a conspiracy
theorist hat on they know where every
single car is they know what it's doing
they know if the airbags went off they
know if you farted in the front seat
they know everything about these cars
right so pretty much when you give him
the VIN number you know the cars are
always connected back to the mothership
to give you the status in the car so
they know that's going on so you know if
you try to hide from you just you just
can't do it
mm-hmm so so I had the I had the car and
I said to myself you know what this
isn't gonna work I got to figure
something out so what I did basically I
bought another car for 15 grand and I
was like I got to swap this stuff over
so ice off Theresa the other one that
you bought for 15 grand everything
worked well he wasn't a front-end
collision okay it wasn't a hard
front-end collision and so a frame was
bent or something frame was bent the
thing was toast and I just took all the
electronics from one of the other how do
you check to make sure that everything
isn't damaged when that's a good thing a
lot of the wiring harnesses were cut
right in in the front end collision car
but the interesting part was that in the
flooded car the wiring harnesses were
still good for the most part in the
front really so what I did was I mean
meaning not broken or torn or bent
connectors I just took those connectors
off and actually cleaned them because I
couldn't get parts you know from Tesla I
took like the wet wiring harnesses that
were all corroded pulled them out got
like you know a q-tip toothbrush and all
that stuff when he cleaning them with so
I clean them with um with baking
speaking soda and like a wire brush and
like I got a toothpick to to really get
in there and like cleaning the contacts
and stuff mmm I just rinsed him out with
water by this time your wife is probably
like what she's pissed so far she goes I
noticed we're missing $30,000 from our
bank account two cars that don't work
exactly to present don't work you know
and thirds of $30,000 missing from her
bank account like what's going on here
so it was just it was painstaking but
eventually you know I got the job done
then so so what I ended up doing was so
30 grand right right I told my friends
hey listen you know I'm in a mess here
I'm rebuilding a tough son they're just
like you know you're an idiot you're not
gonna figure this out like no one's
doing that this was this was years ago
this is when the cars were still kind of
coming on to the scene and they weren't
as popular as they are now and like you
can't fix that like you're an idiot you
can't do that I've seen your work
and so yeah so after a while you know I
I took all the parts from one the other
got one running and then the parts I
didn't need anymore
like the the the the old battery pack
and some of the action so there were
some parts of the battery that were
still good
so I actually sold those parts like
online and on eBay and stuff like that
and then I sold like the motor he had
water in it someone got gave me five
grand for a motor that had water in it
that's how valuable these parts are Wow
so why was he planning on doing the same
thing or cleaning it out I have no idea
to this day I don't know so I think he
had in the same situation I think he
brought it home to his wife and so after
all that's all the parts I ended up
getting the car have now for about six
grand so you take the engine and is that
one of the four-wheel-drive ones the
ones you have this was just a rear-wheel
drive one I need so it has just the rear
as in the single motor yep one engine
and so you take those out you put it all
back in you replace the wires and then
it's good to go what about the computer
what about like oh gosh so pretty much
the the computer thing was interesting
because there was so I called Tesla
again alright I was like hey buddy
like this car is like 99% of the way
there do you know do they know who you
are at this point they still don't know
who I am nor do they care they probably
don't care who I am but but did you say
hey man remember you hung up on me yeah
hey yeah right doesn't work didn't work
right so the tough part was I had to
summer I had no I had no key for the car
oh so I was like hey I need a key you
know I mean like help me out here you
keep and they were like what are you the
same idiot that calm like yeah I need
the key they're like we can't as I
stated before we can't help you because
you know this this is a salvage car so
you're on your own so what I did was I
actually in the in the GPS screen
because the screen turned on the the guy
still had the home location so I pushed
home on the GPS screen found the guys
address right this is creepy it gets
creepy
right follow the guys address and I was
like hey you know can we I call them up
I was like hey did you own like a white
Tesla by chance and he's like who is
that yeah I own one I was like yeah so I
bought it and I need the key do you have
the key to the car and he's like no I
don't have that like what do you call me
for like I don't understand like well
I'm rebuilding it I'm putting the
electronics from your car into another
and and yeah I want to figure it out
he's like you know what I can't help you
don't have the key and I was like damn
it sucks you know cuz you know I have a
family and stuff and you know given the
substrate like you know he could really
look for and help me out I'd be good and
we started talking about general topics
and he's like you know you know I know
you're a car guy that's awesome
I had a head of zo6 once I know so hey I
have a zo6 too and he's like yeah it was
it was LeMans blue and I was like hey
mines LeMans blue and he's like what
year is it I was like it's a no.6 he
goes I sold that same car or car like it
like two years ago to a guy in Florida I
was like I bought the car from a guy in
Florida so we started bonding so it
turns out I actually owned his old zo6
that's insane yeah it's crazy right what
are the odds the two human beings on the
planet you own both of the scars cause
of his guys cars it was insane so he's
like listen he goes it awesome you know
I'll see if I could I'll see if I could
find you know the key friends with that
dude no no we never talked again after
seems like you should know here's the
reason why
so hey right well one wanted was super
creepy for me to call the guy right
number two when I went you know I went
kind of silent for a week he called me
back and said buddy I found the key oh I
found the key to the car I was like
awesome dude like you're fantastic I'm
gonna send you an envelope to your
address so you could kind of you know
give me the key he's like yeah yeah
great great great how about like 600
bucks
and I was like broheim we just bonded
over the fact that I owned both your
cars what are you doing to me here yeah
Sakhi and remember like you know to a
lot of people that's nothing but like to
me like I was having cheapest crappy 600
bucks yeah that's a bit much a lot of
money and I was like hey I was like you
didn't the key didn't exist to you as if
ik a week ago but now they know you can
make money from it like now you watch I
turn bucks and he's just like you know
started talking again and he goes how
about 400 bucks
and I was like you know what guy just
just give you the money take the damn
money and yeah right this faculty right
twice I saw I sold my soul pretty much
yeah he did yeah he's got blood money no
but I shouldn't have I feel like I was I
shouldn't have taken it I would have
rubbed that money on my ball bro
make sure you sniff that I mean it's
like I get he's just being a dirtbag
right but know that you got the key and
it's it's that's what it is and then the
cars running and driving today so as
soon as you got the key you're good do
you have one key or two just one oh if I
lose that I'm screwed can you make it
this is a phone were like your app does
it work on the car nope damn no that's
big the app to the page yeah
always go and get the car to come to you
you can summon and come you park like
like literally than drench on each side
right that's that that's the problem is
that I feel like with with the task
looks I have a Model X now MMS UV now
and it's the ultimate flex Tiffany
Haddish had one and she had it in the
parking lot the Comedy Store and she had
it dancing really well Manette doors
kind of go up and down this up to the
music it just out in front of the car
dance in their film with it it was a
hilarious moment and and it's funny
because I I found myself I feel like
this cars ruined me as a person right
like I'm not typically like pretty
humble person but like having like a
Tesla the fact that you could push a
button and the car comes to you it's
like the biggest like it's a douchebag
move because honestly we were do we were
like getting into our cars like peasants
for years yep you know and one day I was
at the gym and I was looking at my car
from you know from you know from a
distance and I was like you know what I
really don't feel like walking all the
way to my car today how far it was
probably like the distance from you to
me it wasn't mean that far as like it
was I can last in between us and I was
like you know what come to Daddy
come to Daddy push the button the card
is backed out everyone's like oh that
car is driving itself I was like yeah
that's me push the button open the door
got in I just drove off yeah when I take
it and I put it in auto drive that's
when it really freaks me out yeah do you
use that often the skin - yeah yeah it
scares me it scares me but I keep my
hands right there but it right
haven't tried to kill you yet no okay
there's no calming I always keep my hand
there I always keep my hair in there but
I'm I'm always a but the one thing I'm
concerned with is that I think I'm
lowering my guard yes absolutely I'm
letting the car do too much have so
little sense when you drive like one of
the reasons for road rage is when we're
driving around we don't know who the
fuck's next to us and we're going very
fast and it requires like the ability to
think really quickly so your brain is in
a heightened state of awareness and then
someone does something stupid like
that's me the fucker right asshole yeah
range me exactly that's where the rage
comes from um but it it lightens that
almost maybe too much because I think
you do need to be what she's got right
into my lane right I think you do need
to be at least aware that some shit can
happen at any moment when cars are
flying by you gonna be pleased so you
don't take your hands fully off drive
itself really yeah I just put my hand on
it I don't take my hands fully off but
if you do you can only do it for so long
it'll start to warn not to complain like
hey what's going on here buddy but
apparently some dudes tried they say
that didn't work I talked to one of
those dudes who did that that experiment
apparently that experiment ever the
orange yeah the orange I think I might
work man I think what does work better
is like they said I like a lightweight
like if you take like a like a
lightweight and put it on like a rubber
band you hang it there wasn't you know
what's funny there was a guy that was
selling that you hear about that he was
selling like it looked like a it was
like a business legal weight that went
around the steering wheel and it
actually had the perfect mana weight
balance to make you think that your hand
was still on the wheel Brian people were
buying it there it is and Tesla autoplay
buddy how buddy yes mag relaunches as a
phone mount yeah so then so so much so
he had that right he was selling it and
it was like 300 bucks and then you know
they were like you that's illegal you
can't do that you're bypassing like a
safety device of the car
so then what he did was he came back
again with the Vengeance it made it a
phone mount he's clever he's clever yeah
yeah that's a smart move although I'm
not sure I support it yeah I don't think
I do either that's kind of that's a
little bit much don't think it's ready
for that yeah it weirds me out it weirds
me out because the other thing is the
other people are not going with auto
drive so you around you're going Auto
Drive and all these other people are
just driving yeah
and I think when everyone's driving
together you kind of in tune with each
other all this assholes trying to go
really fast yeah right get the fucking
over to my right let me pass this guy
you're aware when you're just when
you're Auto driving it's like you're
like a like a assist right in this movie
yeah ecosystem yeah thinking right all
these people be calculating each other
but it's probably ultimately like if you
talk to Elon he says it's way safer and
that's the future I hundred percent
agree them absolutely obviously hates
fun yeah don't forget right Elon could
talk all the shit he wants remember he
had a McLaren f1 yes he did I still has
a Jaguar e-type one of those really old
ones like a 69 with the right shark no
long good yeah yeah so he at heart he
knows the deal yeah I mean buddy he
didn't make that car that fast for a
practicality now it makes no sense it's
the same reason he made a fuckin
blowtorch exactly right right it's a
silly person like it's not a
flamethrower we know that it's not
definitely he's a silly super genius so
it is what do you think and all the best
ways yes right only good ways I'd never
say anything bad about him of the guy so
so glad he's alive
I am I'm glad he's a real thing no
honestly and I heard and agree I get a
lot of crap from people online sitting
like I'm an Elon Musk hater I'm a Tesla
hater I could be critical sometimes you
know what I mean but it's like the guys
the guys a damn genius he's a damn
genius damn genius and critical is
important guys like you are important
it's very important to hear what other
people think if it's reasoned and
intelligent right like it helps you even
if you don't like hearing it alright so
I got to keep it means he's a genius
but sometimes you got to keep the
company in check the cars are phenomenal
cars they're phenomenal cars and they
weren't always
no absolutely not yeah and what they
were when they first came out like were
you aware of the whole thing with top
gear yes that was crazy yeah they were
being Shady yeah super shady yeah they
were running there Ted the car died they
wanted to bash the car but they could
but like for stuff like that like I'll
stick up and say yo hey yeah thank you
doing that and he got pissed he loves it
that's his baby yeah he sues me but I
think he lost because I think the way
their show is structured that was it's
yes it's entertainment yes incredibly
damaging to a little company because it
made it look
like I don't know why they did that
there's a couple things that they the
top gear did I was like why would you do
that right that would like sound up some
people remember they their focus is on
petrol or a gas-powered cars like when
an Eevee comes along and it's actually
pretty damn good in a lot of cases
people just like shit yeah I let this
thing win especially back back in the
day when that was going on right that
was a long time ago that was in 2012 I
think yeah 2013 yeah so you get the key
from this guy's car right you can't use
the app right so you you have to rely on
the software in the state that it's at
there's no software updates no so
hayslett is a long story so get the car
going everything's great
in order to get mask masked from the
Tesla system so there's a certain system
that the Tesla Nova all their cars are
right and they could disable whatever
they want they could you really want
this you know exactly so I had to reach
out to like this Tesla black hat hacker
pretty much oh jesus you know go to the
dark with had to go to the deep dark web
and and he was able to mask tussah from
seeing the car which is why I can't have
a Tesla app oh so he masked that so he
got into the actual software itself into
the actual software itself guy's a
genius West one to zero exactly took the
bit and then it was able to be the car
could supercharge the car could do
everything Wow
and a car gets updates - it's great oh
it does it does get updates yeah and
Tesla doesn't know it's getting updates
no you know it's funny you shouldn't say
this yeah I'm just kidding now they they
they know the deal and here's a problem
with that is that people love these cars
a lot man if you love these cars you
know hence me I'm picking the car if I
had dirty lake yeah I mean it fixing
this thing here I mean so it's it's a
lot of the times it's in their best
interest I believe to help people out a
little bit yeah but but know the things
that people go through for these cars is
insane man people just didn't love them
my my take on it is that what they have
is this ingenious company with this mad
genius scientist who's running it who
does a million other things at the same
time right and they don't have enough
people to deal with someone like you
they probably just don't they don't have
a section of the company to deal with
someone like you
remember when he was working when he was
they were trying to put out the model
three and he was working 16 hours a day
and sleeping on the floor like a tree
yeah pretty much shit that don't make
any sense yeah like what the people know
it's funny people it doesn't make any
sense but people love the company of
this guy so Cigna that when he was
working 16 hours a day and he was
sleeping on the floor in the factory
right you know it was a big sob story a
billion years to be in the photo factory
a bunch of Tesla owners rallied together
and they purchased a couch for him to
sleep on like tens of thousands of
dollars
what kind of couches I lost in a
nice-ass count yeah be the way like they
they rallied when they purchase a couch
for him and like I made a video I didn't
I said to myself you know what this
guy's a billionaire yeah b-but the fact
that everyone rallied together to help
this guy the show that their support
yeah it's good people are a hands over
fist for this company there are heels it
reminds me of Apple today haha you know
I remember there was a guy god bless his
heart who was one of the editors on
Newsradio the sitcom that I was on in
the 90s and he was such an applehead
mm-hmm that he was like he was talking
about it like it was a sports team he
was talking about it well I think we're
really gonna get those BC Geico Dean
when they had MacBooks come out yeah I
keep but he really said something to
that all along those lines I think we're
really gonna pull ahead like who's we we
yeah they were on this weird little
tribe Mac and this is the same thing but
you know what Pitts you know picture the
Apple fanboys mmm-hmm the Tesla fanboys
times ten yeah they live in it so I can
Apple you live in its no I'm Stan gonna
work it is not because Apple has the
technology aspect of it like it's great
you know Androids socks I have an Apple
phone okay perfect perfect but for
Tesla's you're talking about technology
see other tech nerds you're talking
about sustainability as well for the
green people grease you have the tech
and the green people mint and once they
join forces so the scariest force on the
earth right it isn't like war like guns
and stuff it's actually Mac owning Tesla
vegan owner
the scariest thing in the way really
discoursing in the world because they'll
tell you what about at a party oh well
it cornered you get corner but like they
it in its and I've struggled with that
in a lot of cases because whenever I say
something remotely negative about tassel
like hey I think Tesla could do a better
job here they're just like you're just a
gas head I know you own a zo6
you work for big what someone acutely
working for big oil oh you do yeah what
you do how do you work for peak oil bro
what does that mean you work for big oil
yeah you well you're a part of the
Illuminati yeah pretty much
that's like I just yeah you work for big
oil big what is it what does that mean
how much could they pay you to first of
all like before people would realize it
all sudden you're walking around with
like diamond chain mansion right he's
still fixing cars yeah you know I got
another thing all right right I'm making
billions for big oil yeah buy a gas car
go to shell shells great I don't
understand how people think that that
whole Schill thing works do you just get
like a monthly check I don't understand
like hey rich say something negative
about us everyone swim I'll give you a
check for you gotta get that big oil
check yes suspect that what it is is
similar to what my friend who was really
addicted to Apple yeah I think you just
get on your tribe and that's my thing
I'm all about Apple and as you can't
windows are bolt it's bullshit when Rose
Bowl shoe what you want to play what are
you gonna fuck with the config files
honey
get in there and then use Doss loser but
it's interesting because people like us
are very different because we could
appreciate both yeah you have a
phenomenal collection of cars thank you
and and then you threw a Tesla in there
but you love both yeah if you love the
driving you love the driving aspect of
it of your Porsche you know you love you
know the the silence and the the zero to
sixty of your Tesla to so if you could
we could be part of both camps but a lot
of cases they're only it's camp Tesla
and if you're not with us you're against
us silly yeah I have a Windows laptop
and I have an Apple laptop
oh you do yeah that boat really yeah you
know why why cuz Windows has more
options and when you have more options
you get better configurations you get
better keyboards right like I have a
Lenovo ThinkPad oh look at you dude
they're the shit yeah it's way better to
write on right like the tactile feedback
and the travel distance and the keys is
so much longer right just know
where you're typing write it for me as a
writer when I'm writing like I'm writing
standing for something that it requires
less thinking because my fingers just
find the keys easier I mean like 10%
plus easier it's a big day and and I
bought an older Apple laptop - I bought
a 2015 a refurbished one because their
keyboards were superior yes the new ones
are so low-profile it's the shittiest
fucking keyboard of any computer that
you could buy today is a new MacBook Pro
and they got busted for that because now
because their keyboards are so shitty if
it take them back now yeah they didn't
recalls in the keyboard well they do
have a new patent they put out for a
variable height keyboard where the key
travel will vary and the key resistance
will very interesting yeah there's a new
patent that they filed for it doesn't
necessarily mean they even have the
technology for it right
that's how expensive I don't know why
well I mean if it's something you could
press with a button that just raises the
keys up that would be like a solution
because if you think about the flatness
of the key the ideas they want to keep a
low profile to this laptop all right
make it thin and sexy like fucking
whatever yeah I don't have the thing pad
with me but I have a the x1 carbon it's
a nice nothing right and the battery
life is excellent six months dude it's
it's a fucking great laptop alright so
the apples just they're just only Apple
and the problem with that one company
only selling laptops is you just don't
have enough variety now there's not
enough people that are offering
challenges to it they don't have any
challenges in fact their biggest
challenge is the huawei mate book Huawei
basically stole their their idea and but
made it way better right
they made oh I see what you guys are
doing you guys are fucking up we're
gonna make it with better keys right
we're gonna have no bezels on the side
of the screen and you know everyone's
concerned about security well we're just
gonna have the webcam pop up as a key
have you seen them no I have it just
dope that sounds the next-level shit I
want to see you Huawei am I saying that
right that's it come on bro oh that's
dope as fuck
look no bezels no bezels no no room for
the webcam yeah and it has great
keyboard travel - I think it's like 1.5
millimeter key travel which is if you're
a person writes all the time yeah I need
to get my thoughts out I'm stupid you're
right
yeah stand up yeah and I just write
things and I extract stand-up from them
and alright but when I write I I don't
need to be fucking with the keys man so
why do you use your Mac then you list
all these pros about the about the PC
but why do you because I'd like to have
both I use that when I travel because I
don't write as much when I travel but I
like to watch movies look at that yeah
pops up right how about that that's f6
it looks white up you know son that's
pretty wild because but the biggest
thing is like when you're you you
probably have like a Skype meetings or
whatever Google Hangouts the worst thing
in the world is like the camera turning
on automatically that's a lie right
there that image is a lie
there's not what if there's no what yeah
no that's okay that's not even the right
viewpoint yeah that's ridiculous that
good looking you yeah she's pretty hot
yeah yeah but it does pop up man that's
in-state so that's that's a thing
because if there's like a Mac yep it
looks just like a Mac except is more key
travel right more comfortable and that
upper right hand corner that power
button i was also a fingerprint reader
oh fuck it i'm gonna buy one right now
the shit
I would I would use one but you don't
have one no why don't I have a little
Nova yeah yeah that's great to ever that
mean this is just there it's all just
better options the only difference is
Windows is not as good as Mac OS but
it's not that much worse now it's really
not it's pretty fucking close Windows 10
it's pretty fucking good and see what
this runs what is they're running
Windows or something it's Windows
Windows
yeah Windows Windows 10 yeah she's not
Android no it would have to be one of
those Chromebooks
where I was gonna run Android which
apparently is very good book designs are
really nice - very nice and you can get
one super cheap right and the battery
lasts like three months
yes forever and if you're just putting
documents you put them in your Google
Docs in the cloud you pull it up
instantaneously drive no it's great yeah
but why wait we heard company man like I
don't know what I feel about I'm buying
into all this government propaganda
about the Chinese yeah spying on us yeah
it's deafening
well dude I've had my credit card stolen
my number stolen three times this year
Wow
it's never happened to me yeah well I
think I'm on money you have the more
stuff you get still maybe yeah people
find out its annoying though like I got
a a charge but I have an app on my phone
that shows me to charge and it was
during a podcast well I'm like well that
definitely wasn't me yeah no definitely
get you with like $10 one so cool $3 $10
to test the waters but then they start
quad microphones accurately pick up
sound from four meters away with the wah
wait but it's a real spy yeah they don't
know what they're not telling you is the
microphones are always active oh yeah
just like your phone they're always
listening you know the government bro
translate also pull upp people oh great
my nervous off translator you hear about
the new TVs you hear about the the LG
TVs that was spying on constantly
listening yeah an arbor sation wonderful
and they told you if you want to have a
private confidential conversation don't
have it in front of TV what they were
basically saying would you bang your
wife in front of TV yeah
do they have cameras on them oh yeah
they have cameras yeah I think it
lifestreams that I think is like a sex
mode after a while everyone's just gonna
watch everybody do everything I really I
really think within a hundred years
that's gonna be the case that's the case
now man I think it's got blockers and
like you know I'm on YouTube you know
that goes thing everyone wants to see
whoa what are you doing now what are you
driving out right and get a video last
week he was going on what're you doing
now yeah you know it's it's but what we
accept is way different than what our
parents accepted or with their parents
accepted and I think what our children
accept was gonna be way different and
then what their children accepts can be
we're like two three generations from it
just being ridiculous where there's no
privacy how do you distance yourself
because you're a public figure right how
do you distance yourself like where do
you draw the line for privacy I guess
you could say the real problem was when
you're eating man when people like come
up to you while you have I'll have a kid
in my lap and I'll be eating food and
talking to the kid and someone will
literally come up to me and try to take
a picture really me ask me to take a
picture with me I'm like come on man
we're all out eating at a restaurant all
right this is like you know just say hi
yeah say hi man and I always tell people
when I'm done I'm leaving I'll take a
picture with you but you can't you can't
just interrupt dinner
but it's just it's just people think
like if they don't get a picture with
you right now you get it right now
now-now-now fucking okay I'm going into
my nerd school right
they don't care I mean and then they'll
say hey that's the price you pay for
being famous well though it's like nah
that's not true that's it's crazy look
this is the deal the deal is someone
provides something that you enjoy
whether it's stand-up or thing and and I
appreciate that you enjoy it right but
that's our exchange all the other stuff
I don't anything else it's like meeting
me at a restaurant and shit when I when
I'm eating with my kid yeah like come on
man that's the you're asking for too
much
this is ridiculous now the question for
you what kind of restaurants do you eat
at where people feel need to come off to
do like your regular a high-end right
like Applebee's and stuff like that's
right places normal normal spots it's
not it's not normal that someone does
that most people are super respectful
right it all it takes is one out of a
hundred true and the night just gets
weird I am and most people don't most
people are cool but it's every now and
then people just have this idea that
somehow or another you have to if you
are a famous person you have to abandon
everything right nothing just to press
the other thing that you're not a person
anymore right you're like a famous
person like it's like the regular rules
don't apply in someone don't apply right
like you would never just barge in on a
regular person that you didn't know no
but if it's a regular famous person
people they don't give a fuck oh this is
fine whatever station right where you're
you and your friend are both crying and
talk about some of the died I don't give
a fuck hey man I'm sorry bro I get that
picture yeah damn I get that picture bro
so what's the weirdest interaction
you've had with someone it's mostly just
that kind of stuff the weirdest shit is
like people that tell me that they're
gonna give me secrets like UFO type
stuff yeah Bigfoot and I know where the
bases are like really those
motherfuckers yes get Soze I've had a
few of those restaurants it just usually
a comedy shows yeah yeah usually a
comedy shows do you ever walk down the
street that's the poor thing I just
asked you me cuz like when you're always
either driving you're going somewhere
you ever go for a casual walk around why
do I walk my dog right mm-hmm
yeah I don't walk around LA nobody
nobody walks now just like pockets of
walking in LA okay so time out real
quick okay a real quicker story with
time with rich so I landed right and get
off you know Boston the deal Boston yeah
so I landed and you know I but II of
mine picking up from the airport and I
got to where I was staying on stay in
the Mission District like look at all
the Sun first of all who was freaking
great the Sun was awesome
right I was oh my gosh so gray skies and
then I look down literally homeless
people and everywhere and what is going
on with that like it just it blew my
mind because it literally I did so I
went to the gym in the morning and I was
like it's like at 7:00 a.m. and I saw
probably just as many homeless people
living in tents next to buildings as
there were people commuting to work yeah
like thousand it it's it's amazing have
you been a Skid Row yet
no God you scared you got to go you
should go while you're here because it's
like the Grand Canyon it's like the
Grand Canyon homeless people why would I
want to go there because just you can't
believe that it's like did you watch the
Battle of Winterfell Game of Thrones no
don't tell no boiler no I won't give any
spoiler alerts
I'll have to have a better okay yeah
here's a better analogy did you ever see
I am Legend yes okay remember when all
the fucking crazy zombies go running at
once yeah that's what it's like you
serious I'm telling you you can't
believe the volume doesn't someone even
like because in Boston listen they
freeze to death and die exactly so no in
Boston we we hide our homeless people we
have like shelters and stuff we hide
them for the most part you know Downtown
Crossing area Park Street whatever there
let's just junkies that like have that
leave the whole gangster lean they just
leaned close their eyes and right right
right and then we you know it gets cold
they scatter I don't know where they go
but you don't really see them that much
you know I'm not being rude like I don't
- you know it's right but like in safer
they're in your face yeah like you I if
San Francisco's the craziest
it's it was insane so like honestly and
then of my friends he said listen you
know come to my house you know whatever
we're gonna hang out for a bit school no
problem went to his house small place
not badly thousand square feet like
pretty nice he goes yeah you know I'm
kind of you know things are a little
tough can I get okay borrow some some
money
like borrow money from me what he talkin
about dude this is you living you know
you're doing okay he's like yeah living
paycheck-to-paycheck I was like what are
you talking about I'm like this is a
this is like a you know get a decent
place the house we were in was a 1.6
million dollar house and it was this big
and I'm like service is expensive and
then another foreign mind said listen
hey come to my house you know and I Pope
to the house it's a warehouse like you
live in a warehouse that's actually cool
you can live like blade it's it's really
Snipes lives the Christmas table for say
it's he had the fucking charger the
Dodge Charger but it sounds cool when
you have kids living in a warehouse and
that's that no so so that's the thing is
that like it's a common thing I've
noticed for people to live in either
abandoned buildings warehouses and cars
yeah you know people that live in cars
and the amount of smashed windows that
I've seen here it's I couldn't believe
it
well most of those people living in cars
are actually stand-up comedian everybody
has a fucking story like so many comics
come here and you know when they first
settle in they live in their car
that's super normal yeah that's that's
it just crazy like more like 10 of my
friends really lived in their car they
live in cars they're used to at least
and then got an apartment bigger time
that's an issue we're having around here
we're having around here with these
people that live in caravans they live
in these mobile homes Thanks I've seen
them yes there's like if you drive
around this community go down certain
streets and you just see these momentum
caravans yeah yeah and they have like
like towels over the windows and I saw a
meth inside yeah yeah these are dirty
people some of these fuckers I don't so
how come so again in Boston we just kind
of say hey there's no likely no
loitering well they're kicking people
out now because businesses are
complaining because there was one
business where this guy had parked his
Caravan right in front of it that's
where a buddy mind works and this dude
had laid out his like a blanket on their
front lawn and was sunning himself in
Cara's Caravan so the front of his
building became this guy's lawn so this
guy in this care of
was literally using that they were
sharing grass right so he's got this
multimillion-dollar building and he's
sharing it with a homeless guy right
who's cooking meth or I don't know if
it's meth but some white noxious right
yeah smoke the crack yeah it's I
couldn't so it's it was different from
me the weather is awesome but like that
was a big thing and I feel like as I'm
walking around more if I see a large
standing body of water I'm like there's
a homeless guy live in there too the
people just everywhere they're
everywhere I'm telling you what you saw
is nothing well you got to go to skid
row it's what is this is that Skid Row
get rental Maps it's good right okay
snooping around
they must have cleaned it up yeah yeah
that ain't shit let me tell you
something man it's look at that look at
all that to the right to the left it's
fucking gross so how do people have
businesses there they don't or they just
deal with it they just deal with it most
of them most those people they just put
all like gates and locks and shit
so whether what's on Skid Row plays
that's why you where you just were Jamie
we just work well it's a lot of
warehouses and shit and but the
interesting thing is this area is
getting air quotes gentrified hmm so
this is where a lot of businesses are
going now they're opening up apartment
buildings right and a buddy of mine has
lived there my friend Magnus Magnus
Walker he's a famous car guy too
I don't know if you know who he is he's
got all these videos of Porsches all he
rebuilt old Porsches he's got this crazy
dreadlocks and a beard and crazy
Englishman but he's been living down
there forever he and he has this
warehouse where he has it set up where
you know his living space is one one
part of the warehouse then down below
yeah these cars right and he has it all
set up but if you drive down some of
these roads you'll see like these super
expensive apartment buildings that are
going up now and then a block over
you see these homeless encampment right
and people think it's like cute to be
around like all this what dirt what is
this there we go
nice so that's someone's apartment
what's going on here yeah they just set
up tents and then the cops kick them out
and they just come back and they move
and then they come back but they they
make these encampments and you just you
just have to deal with it so it's like
if you live in that area you know you
just have to jump over needles and try
to figure you
I feel I feel terrible because no it's
it's most of this most of this is either
drug addiction or mental illness those
are the real real problems all right do
you guys have no drug addiction or
mental illness like places that you
could go to for help here I don't know
what it is man I don't know enough about
it I'm entirely ignorant about how
what's going I know that if you talk to
people that work in the field that work
with these folks right they say that it
all really started to happen leave this
guy it's like run over my leg oh my god
I'm gonna need disability oh my goodness
man that's crazy crazy you're laying in
the street this is like everywhere
honestly if you were to take a
screenshot what you just showed me I'd
be like okay that's some third-world
country right this is La people can't
even afford to live in LA I know it
might as well be a third-world country
though I mean it might as well be the
apocalypse it's the apocalypse for those
folks I mean at least they're there
around all these cars and shit but I
mean there are thousands of homeless
people in that whole Skid Row area yes
that's one of those one of the things
that keeps them there I guess they have
a mission beds three beds and the whole
thing I don't know that's wild but they
have they allow most of this to go on I
don't know like how often they break it
up and make people move but this did not
the numbers are so high there's not much
they can do man that's crazy sad sad
it's super sad like but what do you do
how do you fix that like I don't have
any solution yeah you can't tell people
this yeah yeah yeah went and spent three
days down there like undercover and
people are filming him experiencing and
then he'd come back and do like an
interview like what he just went through
and it's it came out 10 years ago so
it's it's different I don't know if I'm
I'm assuming it's worse now but it's
definitely not good and this and this so
he's crazy
so I I was on my one wheel right just
wreck riding by I was commuting back
here by the way the thing is badass
it's pretty crazy right yeah I've wrote
it I wrote yours today
you did write mine it was good and after
watching you scoot around effortlessly I
was like how hard could it be you need
one you get one I also don't need broken
elbows like like honestly it's good for
it's good it's a good core workout it's
a great work just sit-ups I think it's a
better core workout show you this yeah
hip and glute machine from rogue we put
your ankles in this thing and you lean
all
way back go all the way up yeah you have
some next-level shit here by the way I
ain't got some cool stuff man it's
awesome it's mom man warehouse it's
really it's this place is fuck I live
here sure I had plenty of room yes bring
it to baths but but yes I was right my
one-wheel past this past like this kind
of over past and there was a tent there
and like a lady sticks her hand out and
she offers me a chocolate
what was it I think it was a chocolate
ladybug right it was a ladybug wrapped
in like that that in my comic no thank
you no thank you ride back again the
next day offered to me again I was like
no thank you no thank he was like you
know what I'll look I'm gonna like you
know do something nice right so I get
five bucks and I was like ugh I'll give
it to her you know it's a nice gesture I
write up you know I give her you know a
hand of the five bucks as I start
slowing down the one-wheel other people
started popping their heads out of the
tents and they actually saw me give her
the money and immediately a guy runs out
and like snatches it directly out of her
hand
snatched it right at hand someone else
comes around the corner takes it from
him and they start getting into the
scuffle and I'm just like it I've never
seen anything like that before I know
I'm really passionate about that I just
it's just it just I just can't stop
thinking about it's crazy it's really
crazy out here man that's crazy
then everyone comes everyone comes to to
LA California to get there at their big
break like all and I'm gonna be like a
famous whatever famous you know actor
singer exotic dancer a porn star
whatever and it's the struggle is real
out here it's real it's real everywhere
but whenever you get giant groups of
people you're gonna get you know a
higher percentage of people that are out
here that are homeless or struggling
right um again I don't know what's the
solution
yeah no idea no you know I know they
don't put enough effort into it just
whatever it whatever the solution is
that's one of the arguments that who was
it someone made was it share someone
unlikely had a really good argument like
that everybody is so concerned about
illegal aliens getting into this country
and so not concerned about
homeless problem right and what the fuck
is that about like there's people right
here right now and you know we're not
taken care of right and you're like but
these people from other countries
they're trying to but my take on that
though is but those people are trying to
do better they just got fucked right
whereas the other people live in America
okay that's too many of vets its Cher
look at her yeah that's what happens
when oh let's just don't look that good
I wish it was time for all this year
this is 12 if my state can't first of
all this is my problem right why is this
bitch capitalizing every word
oh that's frustrating oh my god she's
capitalizing all of them and then
afterwards she's capitalizing the whole
matters yeah if capital my capital st8
you have like someone to write this for
her I'm not saying he must be she's got
an assistant
she's got an assistant hates her yeah
like I'm a subtly gonna make this bitch
looks too fake pictures and her
Photoshop filters fuck you share hey
just for the hell of it can we find like
a recent photo share like how old is
cher actually 750 she I would say she's
65 how old do you think she is so take a
share home hold the 60 maybe 70 about
210 273 serious hmm
when I was a kid well it makes sense man
I'm 51 I was like 20 years ago no way
yesterday you asshole no way you're
you're is that what is that what money
does that's some vampire facial yeah you
go get that money both money gets you
good Google search of pictures all that
keep oh wow but that's what they sound
like when they get to that age they said
I'm crazy that her real here a hundred
percent she bought it she she does she
looks good she married you want to know
I do not know I was always like you know
really get her to sign no Prine
right and how much time she ching-ching
I mean if you could hang in there for 20
years what are the odds yeah that she
can to wait it out you gotta wait it out
man this is announcing our tour this
year this picture something people use
my old pictures from I don't even ask
them to he just like if you find that
picture of me against a brick wall we
took that shit back at the old studio
that picture was like four years old
yeah she's um she's on tour
congratulations yeah we were talking
about vampire facials that some ladies
Jeff told us this lady two people got
hiv/aids right yeah not necessarily a
sorry I don't think I know is I drop the
gun it's more fun I apologize room with
HIV just like it feels like you're not
even supposed to say AIDS yeah brother
to test positive gently after vampire
facial says vampire facial as girls get
jabbed in the face with some was it
plasmas it what is it PRP what are they
doing yeah yeah yeah she she took
pictures of it on the insta I don't
understand so wait a minute
don't they get a new needle every time
use the same needle I don't not here no
if they're you there's Kim beautiful guy
I don't know if they use other people's
blood for the facial watch yeah I think
that's probably what's going on I don't
think it's that it's a used needle
I think it's that they're using someone
else's blood why would you this doesn't
make any sense like does this make sense
to anyone no because I would think that
that if you drew blood you would draw
from yourself so it takes it from your
body puts it in the center view and then
put it right but so that is basically
platelet-rich plasma so but why why
would anybody get HIV unless you're
giving it to yourself maybe they already
had a try the bear lion myth busted just
blaming it on Mexico why was per usual
what if why did she do it on her nose
she didn't every part of her body but
her nose yeah she scared of her nose she
knows to look old its plastic
just kidding just kidding camfil watch
this I'm just kidding just kidding
lol yeah so what happened to these
fucking people did they really use an
old needle they probably already had
AIDS goddamn why because think about for
a second why would you take an AIDS test
before you know Oh getting deep I took
an AIDS test before and after my facial
and then I didn't even have a it till
after my face congratulation right yeah
does it make sense that's like the
Indian footage they found footprints of
what they think is Bigfoot in India and
people saying hey asshole this is an
animal hopping yeah this is this thing's
only got one leg if there's a Bigfoot
it's a one-legged Bigfoot like some dr.
Seuss creature like that they're like
look stupid that's not yeah two feet
it's not bipedal what do you guys do
look at that
that's one leg look at that yeah boring
boring but that's an animal jumping you
assholes the thick part is where their
butt lands the front part is their paws
or I just keep going see you see one of
them it's even broken up like look at
that one picture where like one of those
footprints is actually two separate
marks in this in the snow yeah I'm not
even a wildlife just the one right there
I'm not even on that Bob you know that's
a rabbit bro it's a rabbit those look
kind of big be a rabbit rabbit there's
some big-ass rabbits how big the rabbit
himalayas due to your scenes I don't
know that's the question Himalayas like
what would it be what what is your
animal it could be well one of the
things this is very interesting about
animals is that when they go further
north contrary to logic like what you
would think they actually get larger you
would think well there's colder up there
they'd probably get a small little
thicker but no they preserve their body
temperature by being larger that's why
moose are so big they're the furthest
north of all the makes sense them
totally makes sense if you get a deer
from Mexico they're tiny they're like a
hundred pounds right there's a deal deer
called a coues deer and a really big one
is a hundred it's cows or coos depending
on who you ask Co us but it's a
variation of the white-tailed deer
that's really small it only weighs like
a hundred pounds and it's in Mexico
full-grown one it's like a dog size
right and then there's other ones that
are in like Saskatchewan the same
species that are
300 pounds how do you know so much about
dears does it kill them oh you're a ha I
forgot that explains a giant bow outside
yeah ah that's how I get my meat
oops please you know what a supermarket
like everyone else I do go to
supermarket okay but most most of the
meat that I eat I try to eat from
animals that I kill where do you hunt in
LA know la is tricky the tents get in
the way of your line of sight yeah but
you can get a lot of coyote hunting in
LA if you want this fucking coyotes
everywhere out here man would you eat a
coyote from LA I don't think I need a
coyote period right yeah a lesson no it
was a goof or I was really hungry you
can't eat them no I mean you can it's
just meat yeah it's you'd have to cook
it really really well but when you cut
away all the fur and mange and all the
shit on the outside much life is just
getting a tissue where do you out what
do you hunt Italy the mountains usually
every year I go to Utah in the mountains
of Utah go l-cut what do you got Jim
further explanation on this oh it's a
bear yeah okay they call a Yeti
something different a Himalayan brown
bear or a Tibetan Blue Bear Oh what they
call with all due respect what we call
Yeti is with all probability the either
the owner okay that's not like that
called the Himalayan Beryl Yeti it's
like they're saying that it was probably
a bear that was making those mark that
makes sense if those are big marks that
the bear is hopping through the snow if
it's thick snow that's that make sense
that guy Kunal he's a nice guy with all
due respect to everyone
mm-hmm right a single footprint sir when
the bear walks on four feet yeah that
makes sense
all right yeah so yeah so as you go to
Utah and um you just you just wait well
is a lot of hiking you know you go and
you essentially you go where you know
that the elk are going to be in the area
and when they're in the rut which is the
one you hunt that's when it's legal
which means they're they're mating and
breeding and smashing heads together and
write it then you hear them you hear
them scream and each other and you're
ready to be killed well they are
definitely ready to be held down right a
little do they know
yeah then you got to figure out a sign
on them right they can't help themselves
they just they're competing with all
these other males scream at each other
and smashing heads and occasionally you
find one that's dead
was killed by another bull but you don't
eat that no no no no you could I mean
you certainly could if it was like a
recent kill right if you knew if you got
to it like right when it was dying yeah
the blood was still coming out of its
body but you will find them they get
stabbed and they they kill each other
yeah that mean that's the whole reason
why those antlers exist for war for
stabbing they just fuck each other up
they don't even use it to defend against
other animals like wolves and shit right
they kick the wolves from also Tom so
where do you how do you get that thing
back those things don't aren't light
yeah you have to you have to do what's
called quartering it which is you take
the legs off and you take the the front
legs off and then you take the meat off
the carcass and then you take the heart
in the liver and the the edible organs
and you have to pack it out so you have
a you have a crew that goes with you or
is just you with a big-ass knife
yeah I go look I'm not very good at
hunting I'm like if hunting was a
martial art I'd be a blue belt a blue
belt is like your white belt blue belt
purple belt brown belt black belt right
oh it's not a black belt okay I'm like a
blue belt maybe I could get my purple
belt if I like work real hard this year
right but I go with a guide who's gonna
take me to the places that I need to go
and show me and a guy who is an
experienced outdoorsman who basically
teaches you just like having a trainer
in martial arts exactly
yeah he knows the landscape he's a
hardened outdoorsman you know these guys
never get fucking tired and they'll go
and take you and show you like what but
then it's it's your job to execute the
shot your job to get close your job to
stalk in your job to make sure that you
don't get what's called winded means the
animal smells you the winds at your back
and the wind carries your scent towards
the animal so you have to move around
there's a lot of thoughts I think you
just got the gun go use a gun I use a
blow which raised here yeah I'm gonna
have use a gun I have really you know I
shot a bow once and it didn't go so well
it just kind of it's fun both just
shooting targets is really fun
it's very cathartic it says I was like
something there's a release when that
arrow finds its target just feels really
good
yeah it's probably some primitive shit
from back when we used to rely on
killing things with rolls and arrows
that like accuracy but there's something
about hitting something with a like when
you're shooting something out of
targeted hits it it's
very very sad very rewarding yeah yeah
and when you do that with a bow and
arrow it's very difficult with it's more
challenging it's more rewarding yeah
I've never used traditional but I mean I
have like a couple of times but I've
never really tried to shoot with like a
traditional bow or read mechanic on but
they also like that no no I have a you
draw it I mean you have to pull it back
but it's a compound bow it relies on
these mechanical of these gears that
these we call cams it's like the bow and
walking dead no that's a crossbow
crossbow yeah that's that's a bullshit
bow then what that is is a shitty gun
okay this guy's got a trigger well no I
mean a lot of zombies now it would make
me very angry okay very frustrated first
of all he doesn't even have a broad head
on that stupid thing he's shooting him
with little pencil holes and it's
killing him instantly what that's all
that's all he had access to much makeup
broad head makeup do that break into a
Bass Pro Shop broadheads man did see a
few Bass Pro Shops and walking dead they
just walk right past Metzen yeah kayaks
so that's a crossbow and there's a
that's a very controversial weapon
amongst outdoorsmen why is because they
use those during bow season okay and
there's a reason why bow seasonings like
the if you looked at like statistics
across the board if you have a what's
called a tag like say if you wanted to
go deer hunting you'd have to get a
license and then you'd get a tag and if
the tag is available for the area you
wanted you to pay a certain amount for
that tag now if you get a bow tag they
they make the bow season earlier you
have a higher much higher likelihood of
failure with a bow than you do with a
gun so I give say like 50% of people
that got a tag it's usually not that
high but if 50% of people that got a tag
for rifle were successful it might be
10% with a bow might even even less
might be even less than some places all
right depending on how rugged the
landscape is how hard it is to get to
where the animals are and you have to be
able to shoot far accurately right so do
you do most of the shooting when you go
up there do you have you all shoot to
myself yeah that's a man that's a manly
asking to do its well a lot of manly
shit I noticed I know I'm probably
compensating for something yeah I didn't
want to say that but yeah it's funny cuz
inevitable let you do a lot of I know
7mm a stand-up Bing everyone laugh and
then yeah I didn't know you were you
hunted as well well you know what it is
man I don't have anybody telling me what
to do so because I don't have anybody
telling me what to do I gravitate
towards things that I'm really
interested which is why you're here
right I found out about your story I was
like that guy seems cool when I saw her
YouTube videos I go he's cool alright
let's do this yeah I mean that's like to
have that kind of freedom in your life
is a beautiful thing and I feel
incredibly fortunate that I have that
kind of freedom now so I indulge it I
indulge it like a little baby right like
a child like I just gravitate towards
things that I like to do and you know
people could say it's stereotypically
toxic masculinity or what it was nice
I'm a nice person
yeah but I gravitate towards manly shit
I like watching fights I like doing
martial arts you like fighting I like
fights like pilot hunting all right cars
I like these things I mean I'm one of my
gonna pretend that I don't like them to
make other people feel happy yeah so
people feel intimidated by that I cause
to Manly awkward that's the problem is
you don't want to look like an asshole
which I've experienced you know I look
like an asshole to me I'm sure I look
like an asshole true wow that looks like
a like a decent guy coming out of that
fancy Tesla yeah I would think you're
environmentalist probably a douchebag
yeah probably like super vegan ooh yeah
uh really annoying right yeah doesn't
want your kids to get vaccinated yeah
doing this what you want to do that
that's that's defiantly I definitely
speck out about you I've seen more
people should do and I think one of the
things that we have a problem with
people doing what they want to do is
because we don't get to do what we want
to do so when we see other people like
yeah that's bullshit we get mad or but
like he doesn't even really like that
stuff for he's you know oh yeah you're
you're you just falling into the typical
stereotypical man own behavior yeah
maybe explore your sensitivity man why
would people say that because they love
telling you how to do shit I hate that
it's usually men that are bitches yeah
there's a lot of those like they're
funny how that works yeah any names for
me well write them down
all right so speaking of that so an
interesting story for you so yeah I was
kind of talking back to your guy back
and forth about being on the show and
the craziest thing happened where you
know I was out here to actually work on
a tussle related project oh and the top
secrets gonna come out in a couple
months but basically was that my job
right and then I was like hey listen I
got to take a week off to go out to
California work on this project and then
I was talking to your guy and they're
like hey listen you're gonna be out here
come back then next week as well you
know what you could say hey listen you
have two weeks out here I told my boss I
know he's like listen man like two weeks
is kind of a long time we don't have any
coverage like you know I know you'd be
on jailbroken it's really cool but much
like it let you do that or not so made
decision following in your light I said
you know what then I'll leave my job
then oh shit I love my job man damn I
left my job which is why I'm here I need
a job Joe did you really leave your job
I did yeah yeah it was a big thing
because I had this whole meme thing
going on my YouTube channel and I say oh
I have a full-time job I can't work on
these builds I can't do this I can't do
that I was getting in the way and you
have no idea I finally left and this is
kind of I was reading um your story a
while back about how you got started the
whole comedy thing how you went out
you've got in Boston went to LA and it
just felt so liberating because
literally you know when you're doing
something you're not passionate about
that's literally eight to ten hours of
your day doing something that you just
you just don't really want to do it's
most your day it's yeah it's most of
your day so it's oh it's insane so I
thought to myself you know what
everyone's in the rat race everyone's
rushing to get somewhere every you're in
but you're you know about Boston like
you're rushing to get on the train
you're rushing to get somewhere that you
don't really want to be you're running
there to work for eight hours for
someone else doing something that you
don't want to do and it just gets taxing
man yes it was it was it was just taxing
so I and you're not gonna do your best
with the things you do afterwards if
you've been doing this thing for eight
hours like four hours that you have
before you really have to go to bed when
you get home at night right you're not
gonna have the same kind of energy that
you had at new
we're at 10 a.m. or whatever it was when
you woke up or when you got to work your
what you what you're dealing with is
this past this crossroads right you've
you've hit this path where you can
decide to either not take a chance right
and just you just slowly take like
little incremental steps towards what
you really want to do or take a risk
right and when you take a risk yeah you
don't have health insurance yeah you
don't right that's what the risk is all
about right that's that's the only way
and people like you whatever food but
you can't think like that because if you
think like that you're gonna fail so and
second of all yeah you might but then
you got to do it again right and well if
you continue to just fail and do it
again one day
you'll figure out why you were failing
if you're paying attention and if you're
doing your work and then you'll find
something that you can do that you're
successful at if somebody wants to hire
you if you're good at your job if you go
to a place and you're valuable to that
employer you could be valuable to
yourself you just got to figure out how
to do it or what it is that you want to
do that you could do without having a
boss without and something that feels
natural something that you'reyou're you
gravitate towards when you get up in the
morning go I'm fucking pumped I'm going
to like I want for myself yeah and I'm
gonna do my thing alright there's not a
time where ever come here to do a
podcast where I go fuck and believe have
to do this right not a time I miss feel
good thank you this times where I leave
I was like what the fuck was that about
yeah I could imagine there's a couple
yeah in a thousand whatever podcast I've
done there's only been like a small
handful of those that have been like
what the fuck was that right if you can
do that man if you can find that thing
that you love to do whether it's making
furniture or fucking painting or
whatever it is baskets you can make a
living doing that goddamn that's
everything it changes the world the
world becomes a better place that's the
goal man so so we'll see so again I took
uh some cues from from some inspiration
from you when you left Boston you're
like you know what you can do this
comedy thing I want to figure it out so
what what was that like for you so when
did you make the determination to say
hey you know what I work at this gig you
know this isn't the thing what I want to
do and you made the jump like what is it
what was that like the Boston thing was
super lucky I was only 25
more less 24 damn yeah 24 and I was
doing stand-up and I was driving limos
during the day and doing a bunch of
different odd jobs and shit and then I
got seen by a manager who was coming
from New York to Boston to scout for new
talent okay I just got dumb luck I
wasn't even supposed to be on the show
and he asked me to go to New York and do
some spots in New York I did some spots
there and then I next thing you know I
was living in New York I signed a
contract with him and I just packed up
my shit and my grandparents we're still
living in New Jersey they live on North
ninth Street which is like when the time
when they first moved there was a pretty
nice neighborhood middle class but then
as Newark has got kind of funky like
Skid Row now yeah it's not let's just
it was the next-door neighbor while I
was living with him they broke down his
house door because he was selling crack
oh he had a dope outtie parked in his
driveway and he smashed his door with a
battering ram and it was it was a legit
I was an experienced sketchy
neighborhood but that's so that's what I
did I just packed up my shit and moved I
mean I didn't have any money I didn't I
didn't know if it was gonna work out at
all but I knew this is a chance but I
was young when you're waiting for you
like whatever insurance whatever I
didn't have health insurance for a long
time do you have it now yeah okay good
that's good yeah yeah you got it paid
you ate it when you quit this job do you
have it one wife has it okay there you
go so that was a scary cause like shit
hey listen what did she say you should
go for it
whoo I like it good you got a good one
yeah I go for like a I go for it because
the tough thing is that uh it's you know
how my little my little shitty loo Tube
channel and yeah but your YouTube
channel is pretty big you're saying that
shitty YouTube channel it was funny I
say that but it's hard because I don't
want to be you want to be a dick I don't
be a dick yeah but I have this massive
following well how big how many
subscribers do you have I think 400
that's pretty goddamn thousand or
something like that's pretty good I'm
good yeah it's not bad that's pretty
goddamn good so yes I fixes cars
rebuilds Tesla's oh shit yeah it's not
bad right and to think that I have a
mast that kind of falling only fixing
really one car right now imagine if you
put all your time in the dil bingo that
worked and after the
show I hope it's a cult on YouTube
Everett rebuilds it's it's great new
ideas are really yeah oh the nice
describe subscribe Oh awesome that's a
perfect shot of me by the way the the
frozen but your videos are excellent
you're really good at it and you're
really good at explaining things and you
have a good sense of humor when you're
doing it and it's interesting yeah thank
you it's interesting stuff yeah I try to
be it's funny because there's I'm not a
super genius there's other people
building Tesla's left and right and are
there there are a lot of other people
that are now there is they're getting
more involved in it and they're starting
their own little channels and stuff but
my thing is I want to be a little bit
different I want to add some kind of
humor and like comedy to it to make it
interesting because quite frankly not
only when things building a test is
really that funny or interesting or fun
you know so adding a humorous spin to it
makes this yeah you know you're great at
it and you know when you look at any
other kind of car like if you buy a
Chevy or if you buy even a you know a
Porsche or something like that right you
can find these little mom-and-pop fix-it
chops right you can find them all over
the place absolutely all around you know
you go to west hills there's a bunch of
places that fix cars
right hey something wrong with
transmission can you look at it no
problem they put it on a lift to go oh
you got a leak here you got this you got
that with a Tesla you're on your own son
either bring it to Tesla I know man or
nada then I get it from their point of
view they don't want a bunch of people
monkeying around with their shit yeah
but is it even like Mack like you can go
to the genius store which is gross
genius bar yeah whatever the fuck that
name that's gross he's partying yes bar
bitch let me see your IQ test that's a
bit pompous get the fuck over here some
people they're not genius smarter than
you
whatever so you can either go there or
you can go to these little mom-and-pop
max doors those do exist exactly and
they're not approved but they can fix
your computer they get shit done yeah I
think it should done so that's the goal
for me so you know I'm starting my own
shop a shop called the electrified
garage and that's like oh I like it yeah
not bad house good name I got some swag
for you too
so and that's the biggest thing is
because there's no mom-and-pop shop to
fix Tesla right like right now it's the
only game in town if they're pumping out
what like five thousand cars a week now
why does a week right which doesn't seem
like much but for a small company it's
insane that's a lot and he's out a day
it's 30 days it's a lie it's like what
20 20,000 a month it's just no five
thousand a week
oh yeah there's like 20,000 a month or
so cheese about that so and then all
these thousand cars is a lot it's a lot
of cars right that's a lot of freaking
cars I think they're too busy so social
right now you know there's only two
places to fix tussles in my state so
when someone's like hey I want to get my
car fixed you called us so they're like
yeah it'll be about you know maybe a
week I'll get you in like thirty two
weeks oh you get you in in a week yeah
get you in a week maybe two weeks then
they got over the par sometimes three
weeks and times a month
yeah people wait lost man so that's the
goal so I'm opening up and there should
be open departmental in a month or so
and then I'll drive people there I have
a fantasy of one day building a car one
day old a 69 Camaro I thought you had
one no I don't for somebody here with a
whole bunch of cars I lost track I have
a 65 Corvette but I just oh you had no
you had a barracuda yeah that's at a 70
Barracuda yeah yeah I got rid of that
why you had problems okay yeah I had all
the problems fixed but it was more
designed to look really good then I look
really good it was a beautiful car yeah
but it wasn't my style like I like a car
that you can like that little Corvette
that thing drives like a modern car look
if you drive that thing in handles now
it's it's got fuel injection it feels
thank you but it feels like it feels
like a car that is not dangerous right
that Barracuda is like any time you want
and you stomp the gas if you taken a
turn that yeah totally such it's fun
yeah a little bit yeah but it's so front
heavy like it had a giant ass engine and
it was a beautiful beautiful car it also
wasn't a stick shift and that annoyed
the fuck it was but um what was my point
I forget no fantasy of building a car
like to spend the time and actually put
it together because I would imagine that
the way you feel when you drive that
Tesla is like this crazy feeling of
satisfaction that you you made that
thing much like the way you feel if you
hunt and you eat the steak from an
animal that you shot yourself right no
you drive that car around you built that
fucking thing right
about the hunt well you know what's part
of its the hunt and the chase though
yeah because now the cars built I'm kind
of like all right now what right after
you hunt after you you know you take
that kill shot you want to do it again
yeah we want to hit something different
right what kill an elephant next time no
but like you know I'm sorry about that
yeah that's why I don't get that one I
don't what do you even do people kill
elephant do it I hate them they eat yeah
well the thing is when they do kill them
and the villagers get to eat the food
they get very excited about it yeah
apparently elephants are delicious I
don't think that's a lot of meat in so
much meat but that's the thing that if
it's one thing that we don't want to
ever think about when it comes to like
conservation these animals but the the
money that a hunter would spend to kill
an elephant goes towards making sure
that the elephant population is healthy
and pays for all these game wardens or
whether they call ph's in Africa and
then the money also goes to some of
these villages and then the food the
meat from the animal goes to these
villages but still you shouldn't a
fucking elephant yeah I feel like bad
yeah it's weird how like you feel bad
for killing an elephant but other
animals it's like a rat you kind of
deserve it yeah yeah rockets hit by a
car you cheer you're like yeah yeah you
fucking lose I hit it myself
right yeah it's we're totally you know
biased towards certain types of animals
right and for sure like it's like why we
are they say it while we feed pigeons I
mean like we shoot bald eagles jazz
majestic yeah oh you want it do you see
that beluga whale that they caught that
had a net it had a harness on it and
they think that the Russians were riding
now they think it was they were using it
as a bio weapon like they would strap a
missile to this thing oh and then tell
the Whale to go to boats how do you tell
a little about this way I was trained to
go towards boats holding it had this
harness on it and they think that what
they did was they trained this thing to
go or that boat this choking the shit
out of that thing
well it you could use something like
that to hold a bomb so you train it to
go towards the boat and then when it
would hit the boat it would detonate the
bomb and explode so they must have given
this whale some sort of food
Ward for banging into the boat and so
that's yeah actually they cut it free of
this this harness I mean this is total
speculation they don't know where the
harness came from but I'm hoping someone
was trying to ride it and they weren't
it's probably a bomb though there's
pretty sure pretty sure it's a bomb I'm
pretty sure look at this whale found off
Norway coast believed to be spying for a
bunch of cameras and stuff that might
just be click baby bullshit to read who
wrote this article are they an expert of
a security expert yeah and they just
have a whale with a harness right we
don't really know like how often do
whales with harnesses show up the fact
that you're an expert could speak
intelligently about it I think that the
US government but it's read equipment of
st. Petersburg on the strap oh yeah but
if I wanted to trick people into
thinking that the Russians were involved
I would like it super obvious right that
- yeah why would you write that you got
a fake trail and you got a look into
exactly made in Russia by Russia exactly
yeah I would write made in Russia on it
is all in English - property of Mother
Russia love Russia I think the
government did that with dolphins see
see if that's true that the government
trained dolphins to for weapon 20 of
them something yeah I think US
government did that find out what they
trained dolphins to blow up boats
what a place we live in they're
basically trained dolphins to be
jihadists but they didn't know it they
didn't know they were at least a
jihadist knows right
I mean you tricked him into going for 72
virgins and blowing up mmm you tricked
them but the dolphin doesn't even know
it's gonna die
yeah probably would be like what wait a
minute why I get fish I love fish she
just thinks he's gonna get fish to be
brought into the boat it's just thing on
my back now whatever I'll do oh my god
yeah
yeah that's it poor things no really
yeah it says it's a myth
it's mathematics all this information
yeah well who says that the Navy not why
it's a second guesses everything is that
true but then in 2015 it says that the
US Navy's combat dolphins are serious
military assets oh yeah hard it stopped
and started back then did it
why don't they why are they sending dogs
while these build robots to do it
because the robots aren't as advanced as
I - they can't go through the water the
way a dolphin can and it would look like
a robot dolphin the duck gonna do shit
they're always in water
alright and get something that's an
organic part of the environment they're
not gonna kill every dolphin that comes
near the boat you know so they see a
dolphin they think it's just a dolphin
right and then it but why don't they
have a missile painted like a dolphin
the time they get it going too fast you
creating killer dolphins escape naval
training base in search of love yeah
it's accurate for some reason I don't
know why I escaped during Hurricane
Katrina they've escaped multiple times
I've been on the Howard for just
training more these dolphins keep it's
camping everything out we don't fit
smarter than us they keep escaping how
do they're super smart how do I not keep
a hold these dolphins not on the loose I
don't know it's very confusing when you
look it up Ukrainian military dolphins
not actually on the loose who says that
that's government gee gov hey you know
the chicken the Dolphins my fun dolphin
facts that dolphins are one of the few
animals that have sex for pleasure yeah
another few chimps dolphins people yep
and dogs
well dogs for fun no I guess I'm gonna
fuck your leg were they trying to what
are they trying to prove yeah all right
let me ask you this because you're all
into technology go ahead what do think
about aliens god this doesn't seem tech
related at all yeah um think they exist
do you think they've ever visited here
oh god no no I don't think so I think
they would have destroyed us really yeah
but by when we visit primitive tribes we
don't destroy them necessarily like we
try to leave them alone do we tribe we
end up destroying him one way or the
other anyways you know that we even some
people do for sure you don't we try to
be nice it's like Yeah right
look at that tribe let's analyze them a
few photos all right let's give them
food and they die pretty much yeah
there's always that there's the image
famous image of these tribes people in
Brazil and uncontacted tribe and they're
painted their body paint right in their
arrows drawn at the helicopter exactly
yeah yeah yeah now they know about
helicopters
surely they get freaking out it's the
New Sun God
now they worship a new religion think
about it you imagine if you were an
uncontacted tribe and all the sudden if
you saw a helicopter was up whenever I
see a helicopter shop I freaked out in
general yeah in general you know what I
mean so like imagine up that's that's
insane
have you ever been in one helicopter yes
so weird right right is weird
yeah swinging around like okay we're in
the Skyway it makes noise absolutely but
no I think um I don't know man I think
they would have destroyed us they'd be
like these guys are stupid don't you
think they would want to watch look look
if you go to the zoo yeah you go to the
chimpanzee exhibit and you watch them
swing around and shit people love to
watch the chimps it's probably one of
the most popular parts of the exhibit
right and we love watching them like I
look at them look at them and if you
could go someplace where you could watch
them in the wild yeah like if there was
like a webcam right you tuned in to the
Congo right now right you would
definitely how do we know they're not
watching us right now exactly that's the
thing they probably are they probably
are but wouldn't they just like watch
and observe so we don't blow ourselves
up so we would never know that in
general they can live among us we
wouldn't know they're probably I mean I
would imagine that if there was a
civilization that's on the cusp of some
major breakthrough as far as artificial
intelligence goes which is where we are
right and in many ways I think that
we're all super fortunate to be alive
right now absolutely cuz even though
it's a time of incredible turmoil right
it's also a time of an amazing potential
and change I'm greedy as how I want to
see more I know I want to see more I
want to see I really want to see a robot
uprising I'm dead just don't I do I
really do and I want to be like 90 ish
years old and I want there to be this
super advanced AI robot just to take
over and start shooting shit and I also
want I'll cuz Elon Musk is head oh he'll
still be alive is how to be in a jar
maybe I told you so this is a robot hand
I told you that's what I want to see
because it's like it's that's a cool
it's a terminator shit I don't want to
see that one at all I want to see the
aliens come in and stop us write more
about the hit the green switch yeah to
turn on artificial intelligence I want
the aliens to come down with their
little Lego brain and go hey hey yeah no
no no they would think the robot gave
this guys dynamic yeah but it's
wrestling with him right yeah it's gonna
grab your dick
I might like it beating off that thing's
gonna come in let me help you but the
thing is what's what's stopping that
from not wrapping around his neck and
just crushing it there's nothing
stopping it if you get hacked think
about the same people that helped you
make your test will work all right I got
a hack into this fucking thing it's
gonna run right through your walls like
Skynet it's gonna eat your dog you've
seen the ones that flip they have them
on trapeze is like Cirque de Soleil
actually have you seen the part where
they actually beat the robots and yes
like yeah you know my favorite part of
that is what well they beat the robots
to find out the robots fall over right
kick them and shit right they're not
just in HIDA release to stay yes I sang
it's not cool you can't do the robot get
involved in everything for unity it's
not cool wait how about a robot
coalition should be a robot coalition
well like would they we stand with
robots to say listen we built these
things but we can't hit them like all
right let me ask you this here's the
real question if you're 90 years old and
you're still lucid in your but your
body's failing yeah your knees are gone
and your hips bad yeah your back hurts
all the time and your your shoulders are
all torn apart you can't pick things up
and they say rich we can download your
consciousness into this artificial body
that's like you if you were Anderson
Silva when he was 30 years old black
Mara shit yeah yeah they give you this
super powerful body all right it's it's
it you're gonna feel it just like that
but now you're gonna be like a super
elite athlete and it's gonna be you your
consciousness or you can just go to
black and see what happens in the
afterlife yeah this is that let this 90
year old body dies this is the silliest
question ever you gonna take the horse
bird in the hand right yeah what's that
might might be bullshit right I can do
stuff right now wouldn't you do that
fuck yeah yeah okay I actually want to
do it right now I'm 90 I think that's
how they're gonna get us I think slowly
but surely they're gonna replace parts
like there's already amazing artificial
hands they are creating and you know
limbs that are articulating rims things
I think would you want one of the limbs
that looks like a human limb would you
like a robotic limb like in Terminator I
want to terminator limb for sure would
you for sure I want everyone to stare at
me but what if it was nice and soft do
you think we're close to Robocop then
like would that be maybe the first
first step yeah that's probably right
they're probably gonna do that with like
soldiers yes cheffy all the money's the
military yeah so skeletal drop 10
billion on that I met was robust I saw
was a childhood casino at the mall it's
the most ridiculous thing ever weird
I'll fuck that thing up you know the one
in the middle the one in the middle I
want so like I said I put my hat on it
and it's not freaking out did he get mad
at you yeah it just lets finger on
circles I wish I wish I had a gun on it
oh people take it seriously well that's
the worry about those dog things those
dog like robots yeah they just put guns
on those motherfuckers that is an
episode of black mirror yeah that
episode no I didn't see that one yeah
it's called heavy metal really one of
the best episodes this lady's run out
spoiler this lady's running from these
robots they had dogs not the head outros
I'm a dog like one of those things yeah
yeah and it has potential like actual
real technology that it's using so like
it's not outlandish yeah the thing is
about black mirror everything is yeah
like that could happen yeah you know the
thing with the implant memories and you
like live this crazy fake life right
that's all that's on the horizon so you
know the interesting part about black
mirror is that there's a pro and a con
to everything right so there was an
episode where a woman wanted to keep
better track of her daughter so she
implanted that ship so she could see
whatever her daughter sees right then
her daughter got older and older and she
started to see some wild shit that the
kid was doing right but then to your
example what would be the downside of
putting my consciousness in someone with
a jacked and like ripped body
well the downside would be would you
even really be a human anymore or would
you be some sort of a thing that we've
created that keeps your brain alive
right who cares
who does care you know well here's the
thing would you want to live a whole
nother life like how much time do you
want in this fake body do you want to be
immortal you want to keep going forever
not forever now I mean well you at 200
years you know there's an old story
about that about a guy goddamn it it's
like an old legend about a man who kept
killing his sons in order to live longer
yeah that God came to him and told him
if you kill his son and he lives to be
like thousands of years old but he's had
around him they cried about him I saw a
job in the Bible something like that
whatever keep going since from something
yeah I don't remember but the point is
like when you got to 200 years if you
said okay I'm gonna take this body and
we live in it for 200 years about a to
many years I'll be done that's right 198
years comes along and you still like a
30 year old Anderson Silva I could hear
you it you're having a great time right
to the point but you might be like super
wise that's the other thing if you think
if you've if you think of how smart a
person is they keep their shit together
and they become like a mature older man
who's just wise understands the way the
world works
it was well-read and really has taken
the time to do the work on themselves
personally they know themselves better
than they did when they were a young
foolish man that's hopefully most of us
as we get older but what if you could
live to 300 years how wise would you be
then my biggest concern isn't
necessarily about being wise I think
it's about my loved ones mm because I
watch the you know nummy because you see
a lot in 300 if you see a lot of shit
right like that's like three wives
actually maybe four or six on who knows
right but like as they pass you be like
you have your kids and like your kiddo
lived to be like 80 years old and you're
just like hey you know gotta get you kid
a new body yeah yes that's more attempt
to go on or ever though cuz I feel like
what's the world gonna look like in 300
years maybe the dope maybe would be the
shit would be maybe it would I wanna
dancing you know might the most
fascinating thing I keep thinking about
is us going to Mars I know he wants that
do you want to go would you go nope why
not interested it's a one-way trip by
now look I don't want to go to
Antarctica really fuck what I want to go
to Mars I don't want to go anywhere
where people can't live you go to Utah
in the woods and shoot deers and still
people live there really beautiful the
streams and trees it's gorgeous
but you were just saying that you don't
like when people come up to you at a
restaurant harass you like you living
alone I like being around people though
that's where I go to a restaurant I'm
not lady in a cave somewhere trying you
know I mean there's nothing wrong I feel
like you would want to do that that is
manly shit that you do like men want to
just go and just like light fires and
caves and shit and just like dude I know
Mars is stupid you can't come back
that's like going to the shittiest
neighborhood in the own university you
can get to if I guess one way guess what
your name
oh yeah we'll live forever will live on
without me guess assholes
no one cares your asses name lives
forever Hitler fuck
what are these roses Elon Musk's base
station on Mars between this
neighborhood sucks yeah that's like
living in Barstow for the rest of your
life what do you even see there yeah if
you get trapped in Barstow in a glass
bubble you're halfway to Vegas
hey remember my OHS fear yes Pauly Shore
yeah no but they did a real one oh
that's right the actual biosphere always
sure and who else uh Stephen Baldwin
yeah that's right advice feared like
that how'd that that didn't go so well
now people went crazy crazy why don't we
like do that again people go crazy man
you don't they don't want to be locked
together with each other it's not normal
for everybody we just stuck in some
bubble with each other it's been 25
years since biosphere since eight
scientists sealed themselves in the
biosphere
for two whole years what ended up
happening them I forget they probably
went on a fuck rampage took more than
three months just to make pizza why does
that mean they pray the good ingredients
from scratches oh of course
oh yeah they had a live they had to be
sustainable inside that little ecosystem
were they allow to bang each other
how could you forbid that how could you
tell people want to do in general but
it's work work environment harassment
yeah broke whose HR who's gonna stop you
that's right who is HR so there's 25
people in their sciences and that's the
thing do you think that if people if we
didn't have laws you know lawless
society no police
how will we just kill each other yes
real parents because it didn't happen
they're like who was the law they're in
the biosphere
no I think most of the time we don't
even what does it say Jamie nevertheless
the team completed the mission emerging
from the outside world after two years
of solitude okay I think most of the
time you don't need the law but is that
because we know the law exists and
people formulated society in the sense
that you could always count on the law
so that keeps people in check I don't
know and it depends on where you live
like if you live in a poverty-stricken
crime-ridden neighborhood right do you
need the law there more or do you need
the law there less like what what is
what is is maybe people being arrested
a lot causing some of the problems that
you're seeing in that neighborhood and
there's some of those arrests because of
nonviolent drug offenses right like how
much how much are you turning because
there is a certain percentage of people
to get turned into criminals once they
get introduced into the the judicial
system as a non-violent person person
who's deciding the roads that you're
stuck in a fucking a full penitentiary
with criminals all right real criminals
like violent people
and then you're just a guy who sells
weed yeah oh my god yeah fuck what am I
doing here this is why it's real - this
is why we need to analyze those isolated
environments those isolated ecosystem
people that's never seen anyone from the
outside see how they handle shit well
they kill each other they kill people
that don't pull their weight should be
able to kill the weak no I don't think
so this there's a great book sapiens
from Noah
what does you've all her Otte it's a
great book but it just it outlines the
history of the human race and these
various tribes that have dealt with like
weird shit like that like there's there
certain tribes that like when they see
like old ladies that are moving too slow
is kill ma'am yeah and this one guy was
talking about I think it was that book
I'm pretty sure was that it was sapiens
I read a bunch of books I've listened to
I should say donal I listened to him on
tape a bunch went back to back on runs
right that we're dealing with this very
same issue and um there was talking
about this guy who was like he killed a
few of his aunts damn and yeah and they
were like all the old ladies are scared
of him cuz he was the guy that they
hired to kill them when they weren't
pulling their own weight I'm like oh
yeah but maybe that is that a bad thing
though because if you're out if you're
that old lady if that's correct if
you're part of an older tribe it's about
a tribe right mm-hm and you guys have to
keep moving and keeping things going
because you're gonna get killed by
another tribe yeah then you have weaker
members of that tribe that are holding
the entire tribe back what do you do
what do you do you risk I mean to you
that's the real question would you you
know would you put a bullet in you know
your friend's mom because she wasn't
pulling her weight and because that that
depends on the entire tribe itself she's
still on the whole tribe down see we
that's the thing that you do when you
don't have much right right when you
have surplus like we have
we we value our older people want to
care for them right and we have
something yeah like there's a there's a
famous video of these two comedians
you've seen that video those two
comedians to find this lady who's trying
to buy gas with like pennies and shit
and they give her money and she starts
crying it's a tearjerker it's a serious
to your jerk er but what happens the
video they give her money
they've had some lady yeah they just
think they just these two young guys get
out and give this lady money and and she
starts crying and yeah
just like okay he's like five bucks a
gallon I probably pain with like pennies
and shit she's like she's yeah and so
they give her some money and she's she's
like weeping yeah it's really she her
husband died just a week ago damn it's
like it's heavy to turn it off I'm start
crying yeah stop it I want to see you
cried you don't know hey Joe was about
to be cried oh not that long ago really
yeah
I cry for a happy thing oh really yeah
you know cry for sad stuff not as much
man
well like if someone does something
really amazing I'll stop yeah really
yeah you saw my videos you like yeah
when people do good things that cry yeah
I get I tear up for shit like that yeah
yeah same here
yeah I'm not into dudes who cry about
like stupid shit yeah you know if he
cried was it always me yeah no that's
what happens when you drive and it says
right my idiot Jesus Christ ship on TV
when do you think is gonna happen that
v's are all electrical like with the
solar oh not for a while man solar
densities tough because a lot of panels
but outhouse
yeah the true well he out here I think a
lot of people are rocking it that way in
two steps they got the solar from the
roof or from the panel's and then it
goes into the battery and the battery in
your charge so a lot of people what they
do is they just it's cheaper just get a
whole bunch of panels mm-hmm and they
reduce their electricity bill by not
having either battery pack itself
restore the electricity right and a lot
of the times people don't have a large
enough battery pack in their homes to
store that energy to charge their cars
you know only a lot of people just have
the panels to offset the price of
electricity that feeds back into the
grid but what I mean is the car itself
like Fisker had that for a while where
their roof
yeah that was powering the radio yeah
it's not good it's like a gimmicky kind
of thing is it gimmick game
it kind of is because you're only
because you're very limited in size
amount of panels that you could put on
the roof it's really only enough to like
trickle charge like a couple of things
here and I mean you think a bigger array
or like heavy solar density and that's
coming but like there's not enough to
really like power the car from it mmm
you don't I mean while you're driving
maybe there's an alternative way to
gather the Sun together raise yeah
because if that would be the most
amazing thing ever if we all had cars
that were left with it just ran on a Sun
and there was no need for oil so I've
done yeah and that's it is that the
Fisker Jamie yeah so that solar array on
the rooftop I think it powers the radio
yeah so like you have that much you only
have so much room on the roof and all
the powers of the radio we're actually
the motor yeah remote it's just it
wouldn't even do it right that didn't
even exist 20 years ago so who knows in
the future that would it seems like it
could be possible you could figure out a
way I can still make it efficient and
now especially out here yeah there's a
ton of Sun out here yeah that would be
by something like a roof I don't
understand you're trying to be hot bro
try to get some dick yeah look at her
try sell cars yeah what's up with the
glasses she's looks really pale - she's
got a burst in the frames that chair
like Cheryl that shares fetus yeah yeah
I mean I think that would be that would
really be the future I think we had no
reliance whatsoever on oil I think that
asked man what do you think about
sticking of Reliance what do you think
about people no longer relying on
driving their own cars what do you think
of everyone owned a Tesla right and well
that would look like everyone put an
autopilot when they went somewhere oh
that looked like you've used autopilot
being on the wheel because you're
nervous I think one day it's gonna be
amazing
but I think it's like if you bought
Windows 95 if I bought a computer in 95
and you had Windows it would crash all
the time you get that blue screen of
death right it doesn't always work
no and but you can rely like Windows 10
does not I've never had a crash not once
yeah I think that that's what it's gonna
be like with the Tesla I think there's
gonna be a few crashes yeah of course
everyone's driving these things there's
gonna be hiccups errors software problem
glitches some people just dumbasses yeah
yeah but then after a while it's just
gonna work you know it's like if you
look at the like we're talking about
Windows or Android versus Apple the old
Android was dogshit it was terrible but
I have a new note 9 a galaxy note 9
you're an Android guy no I've both me
both of everything yeah I like to fuck
with shit yeah that's why I meant your
senior so say what do you use two phones
what do you mean your drug deal work yes
yeah okay one one number I give to
people who are squirrelly yeah yeah yeah
well yeah I have to you know I'll turn
it on every now and then check text and
yeah she's this fucking guy yeah and
then the other so why don't you give me
one mmm I'll give you the iPhone nice it
comes up blue if you get a green text
for me you know you're on the school
right now I'd be like hey listen what's
this bubble showing up I like the idea
of supporting alternative platforms
that's one of the reasons why I'm I
appreciate Windows and I appreciate
Android but I think that Apple has a
better platform it is a better ecosystem
absolutely I just I despised their lack
of options with their laptops I despise
it I think it's it's it's unfathomable
how such an enormous company can have
such shit things to type on yeah when
they cater to creative people yeah it's
their way or the highway this is how it
is and that's kind of it when I want at
home I have a mechanical keyboard no you
spec it out make an elf super sweet now
I use a razor razor once oh no it's a
gaming one I never use it for exciting
why do you I never use mechanical
keyboard as a tech guy I'm embarrassed
with ya I never use one I just use like
the light built-in laptop one there's a
what are the benefits of it I I'm a
feedback person I like tactile feedback
yeah I like that I like to click I like
to feel it and the same reason why I
like a manual transmission same reason
why I like mechanical thing maybe you
should get a phone that has buttons on
it I should bro like one of those like
it's cyber those t-mobile sidekicks
foot phones and stuff like that shit man
people had those I was jealous
yeah what about people that can still
type with just the keypad
when they have to do four presses yes
yeah there's a lot of people out there
still no key is that you pressed like
three eight times to get the e and stuff
like that
we're playing snake game snake there it
is their society oh damn write it back
no they didn't is that what this is
every breathe what year is that bring
that back this is coming back that's
bullshit I don't know how popular is
this for sale right now what what
version of t-mobile website is this
there's no way this still has sidekicks
bro get sidekicks always it says 4G so
it is world we live in in that that
Paris Hilton's got one let's get a pink
key what's that key for is that enter go
back in time yeah right time what the
fuck man so that's like a Twitter feed
that someone's looking at on their
sidekick
however you know what I will admit it
was a struggle for me to go from the
physical typing keyboard to the actual
me too much pad it was hard I didn't
want to let it go I was blackberries
pitch for a little while longer than I
should have
right yeah yeah one no no no no I gave
up on it yeah but you have you have
advised us what's up Tom Segura is all
about that blackberry he's real shitting
you do you not know that did joke I know
those things exist no definitely don't
one uses well they have the ones that
would have the physical keyboard
attached to a big screen you've seen
that I think it does it slide down yeah
those are like all Android those are all
Android power I think right yes yeah all
the black boards here how about Windows
Phone 8 Rick's phone that's that they
clicked it and it's the mouthpiece like
slid down and everyone was like oh that
bet that looks badass can't wait so that
comes out no came out they made a couple
of them just because people nearly 5,000
bucks or something Windows Phones it's
weird that that didn't take off but a
friend of might had one of those like
looking have those weird tiles yeah
Windows 10 right exactly the tiles are
awkward you're still awkward I'm like
this is not the way to do it yeah okay
so if you have a Windows Phone now what
are you doing you're fucked
like you didn't make them anymore you're
like you're not getting updates
no I ain't getting shit they're just
letting a dog I just stuck in 1996 not
tracked what does this Jamie's with
matrix phone well that same phone
released last year look at that guy he's
so excited
I must a slight yeah that's like the old
school it had a slider phone oh you
think you look cooler stupid with that
thing stupid yeah please doing guy
get yourself a banana get a real phone
you fucking dork but it does have the
keypad well you have to do that shit
back to doing that assholes some
assholes like a t9 texting was pretty
fast you're a prick you shut your mouth
39 forgot how to do it I forgot I never
knew all right wait is that touchscreen
as well oh god I hope it is they got to
navigate with that stupid thing I hope
this doesn't succeed probably got snake
on it though
yeah snake was a shit right mistake what
a snake is that a game yeah I have
avoided games on my phone for a very
specific reason why I have a problem
with games like it you get hooked on it
yeah badass gaming ring over there I saw
a gaming rig game room the lamb but
that's all for first-person shooters
right while we're here like I cannot
have a game that I love on my phone why
not have that why because I'm a child
yeah you can obsess with it yeah I don't
have that kind of control I have a
fucking awesome game that's on my phone
yeah that's my life my life's gone now
you go get that game on me everywhere I
go
what apps do you have on your film what
keep you going I have a bunch of normal
apps like Instagram and Twitter right
but I have a bunch of cool ones like
some star map shit
what do you I've never looked for this
but I just found someone playing quake
on their phones many dope yeah this the
ship what they plane they have quake
three Portobello god damn it see why the
fuck I tell me that whenever I look
before it yeah son of a bitch I think it
was two dimensional though or not 2d but
but didn't have an up-and-down yeah you
know diction out congratulations in the
new dick shock I'm not gonna do it I'll
have anything I'm life I don't even have
chat I had chess on my phone for a
little while and even like that yeah cuz
I've started going home how do I get
better this Mike shut I'm trying but I
had to just shut it off put that goddamn
thing down you have to pick and choose
what you want to devote your time and
energy do so so what do you win your top
three things that you put time and
interest to that aren't your family
right now
well work stuff it's mostly work stuff
or martial arts
right so it's like work stuff is
stand-up which is the most
time-consuming yeah because I have
multiple sets tonight and I'm always
writing and it was tweaking and
listening so you alright so how do you
how do you do your stand-up stuff so I
want a rice shit you want to get into
stand-up I not really well you know it's
kind of thinking about yeah I don't get
into stand-up comedy
people watch my videos like well you're
kind of funny you're funny you should do
stand-up no I'm like shit let's trust me
I'm a professional you're funny guy you
could totally do it all you have to do
is go to an open mic night yeah
what I suggest go to an open mic night
and see how terrible everybody is right
and then you'll be inspired to try hmm
you're gonna be terrible - don't get me
wrong I was terrible when I first
started but you'll probably be better
than most really yeah and that's all you
need all you need is people if you say
something people haha just that's all
you need right it's a little chocolate
guy in the front okay I got amber I got
an ember yeah I can do this and you'll
figure it out you'll get better at it
and you'll work at it and you'll tweak
it and you how old you 36 you can do it
stuff time you know live once once a
cutoff date 40 shit jokes folks just
just kidding JK okay but if you if
you're a person who can make people
laugh and you are willing to dedicate
yourself to it it's not like you have to
have certain amount of flexibility or
you know a certain amount of physical
strength right no it's just can you make
people laugh fun okay then you can do it
are you going to pull it off right
that's another question so how do you
get inspirate it down yeah this is funny
they write this stuff how do you get
inspiration for that I think it's you
have to be what I would call a
professional and this is I've gotten
this from Steven Pressfield who wrote
the war of art which is a great book and
I'm also got it from reading Stephen
King on writing and talking to a lot of
different writers about how they handle
things right if you just waited to be
inspired and that's the only time you
wrote you wouldn't have half as much
shit right not even close written not
even close half as much good material as
you do if you decide I am going to write
yeah so I sit down and I write and
sometimes I don't know what the fuck to
write about and I just start writing I
just start rambling right and a lot of
like the
first 20 minutes might be total
horseshit that doesn't get me anywhere
well dan I got an idea what about that
well why the fuck do we do right and
then I'll start writing about that well
this is and I'll make things up a makeup
effect right and then I'll argue against
that fact right and then maybe I'll find
out what what the real fact is and see
if I can argue that way all right and
then I'll and I'll give up I get to like
1,700 words somebody that'll shut the
laptop and what the fuck am i doing how
do you know that you're not gonna
accommodate jokes
yeah sorry oh so while you're writing
and you're like yeah I'm gonna do this
is awesome idea how do you know that
that content already hasn't been uh been
discussed well you look like always you
don't always you could absolutely write
something and have parallel thinking
write something and not even know that
someone's already written it right but
you there's a difference between that
and stealing like you know what when
someone's like if you come up with if
you like look at something whatever it
is like say maybe your wife sends you to
to the grocery store to pick up some
tampons right and it has the the price
things all fucked up and so the guy has
to yell price tag I can check on tampons
all right there has been like a hundred
done bits on that right and it's not
that they're stealing they probably
didn't hear anybody do it they thought
it was funny they thought it up
themselves and they did or maybe it even
happened them or any did it that's
parallel thinking it's a common one
right and then there's other people that
did hear someone do it they stole it off
that's a different thing that's the
worse right but you could get both of
those things from that same subject
right that seemed really common easy to
think of subject right there's a lot of
those cops and donuts there's a lot of
there's a lot of things that are like a
part of the lexicon they're like a part
of their part of the way we talk they're
a part of culture and you could think
you thought them up but you didn't other
Seinfeld in a way that should happen to
everyone
sure right sure but then there's stuff
that's clearly yours like if you did a
whole bit about how you built a Tesla
right you know and that you think and
then you got a heavy hitter and you
thought Elon Musk is plotting against
you and you could and that's something
do that and that would be something
that's wholly unique to you
how many fucking people have built a
Tesla is there even 20 on the earth
at this point yeah probably I may even
20 yeah let's pretend yeah let's pretend
that out of seven billion plus
population of human beings maybe twenty
people have done what you've done but
doesn't it get old though you know that
one bit yeah that's okay yeah but you
can the same so just talk about other
things then right look you could talk
about anything that you find interesting
personal shit technology world events
right worrying about the environment
where you know all this anything yeah
did that whale really have a bomb
strapped right I keep thinking about
that over now why not yeah I mean and
then if you maybe it was like someone
from CNN that fucking hates the Russians
right you know like wanted to blame
everything on the Ross yeah they got
duped for two years saying that there
was collusion and that Trump was going
down they colluded with Russia and it
turns out that the Mueller report
doesn't really necessarily say that
right and then they're like fuck we got
to do something about these goddamn
Russians yeah so they hired this whale
and they put a strap on a good story the
cuff so so that you write all your stuff
down right you write like you know
seventeen hundred words two thousand one
out of that I might get one line really
maybe how do you remember when he's that
stuff I write it down and then I take it
and I extract it and a lot of it I put
notes on my phone you're on your iphone
yeah that's one of the reason why I like
the iPhones because when I write
something in notes they all show up
automatically oh yeah cuz I'll sing but
I also have a thing called Evernote and
so Evernote you have app so I have I so
I transfer everything into both mm-hmm
so one goes into Evernote and then one
copy of it goes into notes sometimes not
like right now I'm a little behind on
Evernote because I've been using just
the Mac laptop for the last couple weeks
yeah damn yeah so that's how I do it I
go back and forth and you keep reading
it and write it out on paper app and the
write it down on paper part is really
more just to highlight it and so I
remember what the key points are right I
don't necessarily write it out in full I
look at what I wrote out and then I say
okay I know where I'm trying to go let
me just try to go there organically
right so there's one time I did a I did
a speech in front of about maybe like a
hundred and sixty people or so I threw
some jokes in there which is actually
pretty good you ever get that weird
thing where you're explaining a story
and you didn't even get to the joke yet
and you start talking people are already
laughing yeah I'm like wait a minute
that wasn't supposed to be funny exactly
I was a terrible moment my friend died
while yeah it's one of those things
sometimes people see where it's going
and they their plan ahead Ryan I start
laughing oh my god I know where this is
yeah they see where you go oh god is
this go oh shit they start when I start
laughing there yeah yeah it's kind of
one of those crazy things but no I I
think you should try it
you wanna try you should try most
everything is like going up on stage and
not getting a laugh because I'm that
same prick that's in the audience like
wow this guy's not funny at all Jesus of
course I look freaking stage we are out
we are all that person I mean any look
especially you don't know the guy people
love to talk shit it's fun yeah some guy
goes up right in front of you and says
some shit this guy's a little funny it's
got a date you know yeah fuck yeah it's
got no sex that's normal that's normal
you uh you're gonna have jokes that
don't work and then you're gonna have
jokes at work a lot better than you
thought all right doing Wow but just I
can tell you're thinking about it yeah
you should do it there's attorney but
you're also thinking about in terms of
like the right way to think about it
like that your setups are gonna get
laughs right and then you that's what
it's worth the weirder things about
comedies that it sort of - it kind of
comes to life on stage right on the
paper all I'm doing is looking for seeds
like I'm looking for points and seeds
and things that make me chuckle while
I'm writing it right and I'm taking into
my go game I just fucked up or it's just
gonna be funny and then I try to bring
it out on stage and water it in front of
all these people
right that's the only way to do it you
have to really develop it in front of
people you remember you know some of
your old bits yeah you do yeah they were
terrible oh my god shit was awful you
weren't there
no I was stuff I've heard like recorded
it's not those good stuff when I when
I'm in my Tesla
yeah I type in a comedy stations oh we
always come up I type in a Patrice
O'Neal and then you come up all the time
in terms of your skits Pilbara skits and
stuff yeah good Patrice one of the
greatest of all time
is a elephant in the room those best
never damn it's hilarious it's just a
it's awesome man yeah you know there's a
few guys you just wish you could get to
that could just clean their health up
yeah yeah
I wish she was here today he'd have a
lot of cool shit he'd have some cool
shit to say about that the closest we
have to him today is really bill burr in
terms of like ballsy stance against
political correctness yeah but he gets
away with it in a way that other people
can't get away with yeah it's um yeah
that's that yeah it's it sucks man
because it was a diabetes thing it's
like fuck it come on man I could have
been I didn't know him well enough you
know I wasn't hanging out with him I was
I was on the west coast he was on the
East Coast right I knew him and I want
to try to talk to him but you know I
tried to talk to Ralphie May - that
didn't work
yeah people there on their path yeah
especially comics is a thing about
someone who's that free like Patrice
O'Neal like he really doesn't give a
fuck not zero he didn't give a fuck made
him hilarious he didn't fuck what he
said about anything didn't give a fuck
what he ate either though yeah yeah just
ate whatever the fuck you want it did
whatever the fuck you want it was
indulgent yeah that indulgent translated
to brilliant comedy but it also
translated into him not taking care of
his body yeah man yeah I am so my big
question for you is what do you you know
you go to a party right right everyone
has that one thing that they can't stop
talking about you have like hey I have a
Tesla you know hey you know I do yoga
like hey I'm vegan
what's the one what's your what's your
party trick I don't have one what's the
one thing that you can't stop talking
about i luckily don't have one I don't
do I really don't really go to rent
party so but yeah the party's there for
my kids yeah it's like birthday parties
and shit then you're just talking to
parents yeah they usually want to ask me
a UFC question yeah or or they want to
ask me about like what's he want musk
like you know what are you gonna get
Kanye on yeah I know like that kind of
shit yeah what's up so what's that weird
thing feel like will you actually go out
in public and like you're actually
amongst like people and stuff like what
are the most frequently questions they
ask you those kind of questions MMA
stuff MMA stuff is real calm and comedy
so it's real common stuff yeah they ask
you weird questions but most the
vast majority people are cool vast
majority people like hey what's up hey
what's going on man
it's all great yeah yeah it's all good
if you put that out there right what I
put out there I'm pretty nice it's like
that's why I try to put out there so
that's what you get back right so what's
next now what's next for Joe Rogan are
you interviewing me MEMS yeah yeah
you're a natural yeah you're a natural
for this so yeah so what what is the
thing you know the X don't just do that
but the thing is I'm trying to
legitimately I'm telling you there's no
next because you're a successful person
right I came in here he pulled up in a
black Tesla it wasn't salvaged you
didn't get it out the ocean I want to
learn from you anyway I don't know the
things that you do with the thing is
what I quit is what you're doing right
now I took my own path
all right that's what you're doing right
now yeah yeah I mean what your path is
gonna be I assume you're gonna be doing
more YouTube videos I'm assuming your
channel is gonna grow and I'm assuming
you're probably gonna try stand-up
comedy probably gonna like yeah you
probably do a podcast to kind of cool a
podcast you never even done one before
tell like people don't understand like
you're like how do I put these
headphones on yeah what do I do with the
my slate what's this black thing in
front of meanwhile you're doing this
like a pro yeah thank you even
interviewing me yes I wanna know I want
to learn from you but see that's how
this comfortable easy nature that you
have totally translates into all these
things we talked about okay you can
easily do a podcast you could easily do
stand-up easily 100 mile Santa it's not
as easy as yeah doesn't see you ever
have like a new stand-up person you have
the immediate they just saw Connie just
like why these guys should be yes yeah
there's a few that you go I gotta get
out of here yeah I can't be around us
you worry it's contagious word yeah if
you watch someone that's really bad it's
one thing I don't know not everybody
like Greg Fitzsimmons it's all areas
yeah he loves watching shitty comedians
yeah but if I watch someone who's
bombing I got to get the fuck out of the
room cuz I start thinking there's
nothing that's funny like things that
are funny don't exist like this is
because certain people like if you go to
open mic nights yeah there are certain
people that are just insane do you still
go to open mic nights yeah I'll stop by
okay if I'm in the neighborhood you know
and if I know I want a peek in like once
a year once a year and watch a little
bit just because it's I want to remember
what it was like that's what you started
man oh it's the fucking to wanting to
get on stage
list of people in in the open mic night
at the Comedy Store in particular the
room is well lit mmm because they have
all the there's these signatures on the
wall of like Robin Williams and famous
comedian out in Sam Kinison and those
those are all neon so that when the
comedians are onstage during open mic
night all that neon is on and the room
is kind of fairly well lit right and
then at the end of the stand-up comedy
like okay the no more open mic night
boom those lights go off the room gets
dark and then the pros go up home and
then you see this marked difference and
skilled and quality of material and I
feel like real professionals you know
what Krystal LLL go up bill Berg
Chapelle stops in all the time I open
mic nights yeah they're no joke yeah
he'll just Chapelle just show up at
11:00 p.m. just random open mic night
now up so you get both things you get to
see people that have no idea what the
fuck they're doing you get to see people
that have potential they get to see
crazy people yeah they're just insane
and then you get to see like world-class
comedians in the same night it's a it's
a cool experience at the Comedy Store
Monday nights okay it's awesome
used to be Sunday and Monday yeah then
this place started getting to successful
mmm and they cut back on the Sunday
night open mic night socks man it does
suck a little bit a little bit yeah so
you live in a good spot because you're
in Boston and it's like one of the best
spots in the world for starting out I
didn't have to try it
it's weird cuz like I feel weird cuz I
have a following and it's like hey
listen shut me down comedy let's go
weird no they would like it man you
think so fuck yeah if I'm a fan of your
video right and I am a fan of your video
so if I was a fan of your videos and I
wanted to go see you live at a club
right she's gonna be at this place yeah
oh yeah what time 8:00 o'clock okay
let's go yeah I go that you think is
gonna be funny huh yeah he was kind of
fun yeah yeah yeah for people to get a
chance to see the first time you ever go
on stage too and just be prepared to eat
shit yeah if you do eat shit have some
stuff to say about eating shit I don't
know I ate shit you'll feel it yeah ooh
tastes like shit yeah yeah it's
definitely good thanks for everyone have
a good night yeah it's look I encourage
everyone who thinks they could do it to
do it because there's not enough of us
and there's only you know is that is it
a dying breed it's not a dying breed no
I think is actually
up right now I think it's on the upswing
quite a bit because I think there's more
avenues there's more clubs to go to
comedy is more popular than ever like if
you go to the Comedy Store tonight it's
sold out I have a show at The Improv
tonight that sold out its places our
show tonight yeah and you're here with
me always work almost every night except
Sunday and Monday how much do you sleep
I sleep a good solid seven hours what
yeah what's hard well I just wasn't hard
to believe I feel like I never I never
sleep I don't know what it is you don't
like it you know what your health guy
you know how I get better sleep at night
melatonin really some melatonin I can't
keep doing that they'll forever can't I
it's not bad for you really yeah
war if they get saunas good getting a
sauna before you go to bed it'll it'll
make you feel good I have to have a
sauna yeah that's a problem yeah you can
get one of them sauna suits you know
seeing those things you know and it's
like a look at sleeping back infrared
suit really yeah they make those yeah um
so I just going like it's like a
waterbed but it's like a bag that I kind
of sit in like a bag but it's I go on
it's up it's like kind of heavy yeah and
it heats up and it's like infrared it
cooks your body I think I'll just get it
you know a turkey when I got out of that
thing I think you're that bad it's not
that bad it's really good it makes you
feel good when you get out of it yeah a
lot of a lot of people that help them
sleep you have that like that chamber
here that's like a sensory deprivation
what is that
it's an isolation tank it's I heard of
it yes what do you what is it you float
the water has a thousand pounds of Epsom
salt yeah so as you lie down in that
salty water you're you know your body
floats yeah like half of your body's
above the water halves under the water
so your ears are underwater but
everything above your ears forward on
your face is your face
yeah yeah and then the water is heated
to 94 degrees well the same temperature
as a surface to your skin yeah and then
you shut the door and you're in total
silence of total darkness you can't see
anything you open your eyes total
blackness that's not close your eyes
terrifying it's not because you just
open the door anytime you want a lot of
people think that like the I'm getting
claustrophobic
you feels wonderful it feels like first
of all it feels like you're flying
so you lean your arms back and once you
kind of bump into the walls a little bit
you got to center yourself and once you
send yourself and then the the water
stops rippling then you just let your
arms relax and you just float and it
feels like you're flying you fall asleep
and die my biggest concern right now
oh it's only 11 inches of water and
you're floating you can't drown unless
you flip over face-first you start
breathing the water and yeah yes sit up
and you're fine
there's no way to drown and then no one
dies okay you're fine you don't have to
worry about that and you're floating
it feels great man yeah it feels great
Hill is very relaxed so the
concentration of salt is what keeps you
afloat yes this is a thousand pounds of
epson salts in that tank Wow for your
skin too I found out about it first
through the movie altered states I had
heard about it was a movie that was
based loosely very very loosely on the
legend of the sky named John Lilly and
John Lilly is the guy who created this
sensory deprivation tank do you know yes
no I do not well he also was a pioneer
and interspecies communication with
dolphins yeah he was a scientist all
comes back to dolphins biscuit for this
guy he gave dolphins acid he was a part
of LSD what allows you to do that who
won the fifties and sixties again did or
didn't metal acid you know well they
actually shut his program down because
the woman that he had he had this woman
who was living with a dolphin and she
essentially half of her apartment was
underwater like she was her house was
half submerged so the dolphin would come
in and out of the house and sleep with
her and then go into a tank it's like
her husband or something that was the
problem she was jerking the dolphin off
oh the dolphin like would be distracted
all the time but the dolphin stayed well
of course got jerked off all the time so
they were like Louisville we're paying
for what they were trying to teach the
dolphin to talk right right so they're
trying to teach the dolphin English
words but the problem was dolphins don't
have lips they don't they can't make
there's cords can't make fix times what
we do so they were trying to get a lot
of work for this a lot of work for hello
but it was really obvious that they have
some sort of language right and so Lily
who is obsessed with it he would set up
his sensory deprivation tank right
outside the dolphin tank and take acid
and give acid to the dolphins and he was
trying to communicate with them he was
trying to communicate with them like in
some sort of a like neighboring
dimension right he was a trip I mean
that guy he would take intramuscular
ketamine that shoot it into his his meat
of his body and then lie in the tank and
have these crazy ketamine trips while
he's in the tank
why well I don't know
I've never experienced ketamine yeah but
apparently there's something about that
particular drug that lends itself very
well to the sensory deprivation
experience least for Lily
then he's very addictive did you bought
the tank what about that and then I read
a book called the deep self and that was
a book that Lily wrote about you know I
think that one he even had instruction
on how to build a tank
he actually had like set up like all
these plans yeah or how you blue print
for how to build your old tank yeah use
water bed liners and yes probably pretty
easy right get a kiddie pool throw
letter people have done it - people have
done lay down yeah you can do it but you
have you know you really need is there a
filter at all not really a very
heavy-duty filtration system really yeah
because the one that I have is it's a
company called a float lab and the float
lab is like the best they make the best
tanks and the guy who makes it as my
friend crash and he's like a super
scientist dude yeah a mad genius when it
comes to tanks he's like over
engineering everything and making
everything like it's like complicated is
because you're fine right yeah I'll show
you the whole system it's like all that
stuff that's in the back of it is like
essentially from a public water
purification system it's super super
heavy-duty purification and it even
pumps ozone into the water oh no shit so
what do you do when so like let's just
say like someone were to go in there
yeah you just had a fight whatever might
you want to relax you go in there the
person comes out is there's the water
change there's just a filtered system
with water to be filtered but nobody the
only people that have been in that thing
are Dan Harris from Good Morning America
any really yeah he's the only one that
ever took me up on the offer to climb in
there
most guys go yeah yeah I'll go in there
yeah rescue what I did you like climb
into my little tank
literally yeah like this trip naked rich
oh there's definitely no cameras there
yeah I worry about that how do I know
they get that out of your head yeah
trust me I'm gonna bet I guarantee you
Boston but Google sensory deprivation
tanks in Boston I guarantee you oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah there's a lot of places
where you go and you rent them and it's
like you know 50 bucks for an hour so
I'm like that that's not
bad at all it's not it's worth it man
there you go float restoration therapy
where's it that third floor relax
tonight
there you go $80 for 90 minutes it's in
Somerville on that in Medford Street and
Somerville
there you go papow what if I come out
someone's 90 minutes that was a risk
right well hope not yeah I hope nobody
steals your clothes usually like you're
in a room and you get to lock it dude
did kids do it too was the kid in there
um my kids are scared of it but yeah
they could do it was where like they
draw the line with Daddy what an unaged
in floating Wow
dilly bear me but they won't float gonna
float no letter mmm too weird
oh my god it feels great man I'm telling
you everybody and it's also a great way
for your body to absorb magnesium
because the you know Epsom salt baths
are great when you have sore muscles
yeah well when you get into this this is
so much Epsom salt yeah you float in it
and your muscles loosen up and it kind
of like pigments and tight areas loosen
ah yeah that's one cool pod yours looks
like a safe yeah it's much bigger yes
see this is your a two-person tank no
you want to talk about nothing
yeah we're not here to talk that's why
I'm here now okay before we go on into
the next dimension I have to know about
the curtains I have six question I want
to buy these curtains huh yeah what is
this samajis new lily pad a flow tank
that hides in a daybed BAM Sumati is the
company that I bought my first tank from
they make great stuff so that is that
looks terrifying look what if someone's
sitting on it you can't get out oh
that's true like hey really can you get
off this thing I really want to get out
of here I'm getting scared right if like
a fat dude gets drunk and falls asleep
on a list yeah yeah wait you can't run
the air this is the air bro no I'm it so
eventually you could no no they pump air
in they don't do this to me so actually
yeah there's actually a variable speed
fan and the one that I have that pumps
in oxygen okay clean purified air okay
so purifies the air and pumps it in it's
not everyone's is that safe though no
and I guess like a sealed system that
way that one right there the day bed one
could be a real issue yeah like you have
said drunk fat guy yeah
you have 37 minutes of air left yeah
it's like an escape from space there's a
light song what Jamie said this is what
yours looks like but it has lights
that's bad similar see yours looks like
sorta sorta similar like black it's like
whoa mine is mine is the state of the
art yeah lights and inside here no
there's no lights no lights bro yeah I
know what I'm doing
yeah I've been I had one of these in
2002 so I've had one forever Tom I love
them we should all love them yeah I
think they're one of the best tools ever
feel like thinking what else is a good
thinking tool marijuana yeah I heard you
like marijuana now do you you know what
uh you know what you have an interesting
thing for you what are you able things
so because I'm gonna budget it let my
job and everything I stayed at a hostel
Danner's I'm doing some broke people
shit right Hostel probably no no I'm
never stated Austin so so in case you
know what a hostel is which everyone
listening distance of the hostel is its
I shared a room with three other people
at Hmong vets right right so you know
Massachusetts just said hey listen you
know we're gonna allow marijuana but
it's still kind of like a taboo thing
right they don't want it getting too
widespread so when I came here to the
hostel I walked in and there's a giant
bag of marijuana on the table and I was
like I'm sorry is someone selling this
is this like no it's for you man like we
welcome all our guests like this you
could have as much as you want
how's these crazy shit man
he reels smoke box the other day yeah I
think I'm just starting to be non not
high really from that from the other day
so is it out I don't know if he's really
see yet anyway he gave me a bag of weed
that every time I open up the trunk of
my test that's all yeah whoa
so what so one over a skunk I'm not very
familiar with with smoking marijuana I
think I've done it like once oh you were
the government I don't know I don't like
once and it's like I try to be cool like
yeah you smoke right I'm like yeah who
doesn't right man so I was told they
offered me this big bag of weed I was
linking terrified you should be because
the thing is like if I try it right I
want to be where I'm somewhere safe
you're gonna do coke meets only
marijuana it's not like you know you
don't want to freak out right that could
happen and you
you should only take a little so if
you're gonna if you're gonna this is
what you do
yes a little yeah just a touch you know
it's like there's a smoke box
first of all be real smoke me no coma I
quit maybe five minutes into the smoke
box I was like what the fuck am i doing
we got high before we got into the smoke
box - yeah so it's those of stone so
smoke boxes and you put who were you in
a car it was like a dead case that's the
car it's a old Cadillac look at
barbecued I am I can't keep my eyes open
wait that's you yeah oh my god can't
believe you still smoke doesn't even
look like you exactly I'm so high I'm in
another dimension
holy shit like your great-grandfather's
oh look at me this world lighting but
the that's crazy
what be real does is he gets you in that
car and then everybody has a fat tube
like a big giant joint of the most
ridiculous weed on the planet Earth
there's none stronger so wide it's I
don't understand what's the point of
having a joint just go in the car and
get high that way everybody's so hot you
can't breathe there's no air in there
when I got out of there my inside of my
mouth was cooked yeah if he's never
smoked weed he doesn't understand the
hotbox concept all that smoke you're
breathing in right so you're smoking it
so you're getting high from that and
then you breathe into other people smoke
you get an extra high that's what I'm
saying there's no air so why not just go
in there and just really hey you know
what I'm just gonna sit in here for five
minutes get high yeah you'd get high
from that I probably wouldn't get really
high from that oh yeah you smoke every
day no no every other day no Sunday's
don't know but I've been taking this
what is that the DMT this is CBD with
THC it's ten milligrams of THC and ten
milligrams of CBD so so it's not a lot
of THC but it's enough so you just put
those pills and like your coffee
I just swallow it it's like a little gel
cap well isn't that like not fun because
it's not you're not smoking it oh yeah
it's like a fish oil pan exactly
but it's CBD oil with THC it's a hemp
oil so you just you just pop it in you
also swallow it no I take that back
I did have marijuana chocolate when was
this was like last year how'd it go
nothing it was it was like nothing I
probably take enough my friends like you
didn't take enough so I had it and then
how that's how worst our late oh this is
dumb I just
there got a little high and I was just
like that wore off and went to sleep and
it was fine I didn't take it off oh yeah
you definitely didn't took it out yeah I
was worried the other way yeah watch
this is dumb and they have like five
more pieces of Jobs Act Lee that's what
people do the worst thing anybody could
ever say when they eat pot isn't man I
don't feel shit it's dumb and then they
take another one yeah and then it kicks
in and then it gets in your DNA and your
kids are high and then you're on a ride
you're on a ride for like hours really
oh my god I have a friend who ate too
many edibles and he was high for 27 or
28 hours Wow a full day later he was
still high and it took like four hours
after that what is this guy's doing a
leaf blower what is that doing is making
a giant hot box house Oh see some
stoners like that girl right there they
just get too high yeah like me so it
wasn't the hot box like what can you not
do everything can't be anything is it
like getting drunk no no no no you get
paranoid you get freaked out think about
people you fingered in high school oh
you start you fucking you you comb over
everything you've ever done ever that
might be even remotely questionable so
why would you want to get - well I think
there's a lot of the first of all that's
- I yeah that's like paranoia yeah but I
think it gives you like a
self-examination that I think it's
probably critical for people to just
examine like maybe you would be thinking
about your life yeah but she's gone like
if you got high and started thinking
about this job you're quitting like why
the fuck would I stay with this job
right god I could be here forever
you start getting paranoid think about
what its gonna be like yes 60 years old
I'm still here and I'm I wish I took a
chance but now it's late I know I'm
tired of the energy to do it anymore or
I left now I'm on Skid Row
fuck yeah I do I don't think like that
yeah so you think you think very
positively yeah I think if negative shit
happens like you should be aware that it
can but - well on it I think is not
empowering at all right I think what's
important who was 90 years old and you
lived a boring ass stupid life working
at a shitty job but yes then someone
gave you a chance
he said rich how would you like to be
you say 36 yeah
would you like to be 36 again with
vitality and youth and energy and
ambition and you've already got
something going on your YouTube channel
with like four hundred fifty thousand
subscribers yeah yeah what'd you think
what would you be willing to do to try
again anything you say anything yeah I
wanted I want to be a killer yeah a
fulfilled life a life that I enjoy
well that's you right now so that's how
I look at things damn I look at things
like what would I like to be if I if I
was if I was someone who was broken down
and beaten by life and exhausted and I
never took any chances
alright what would I do now well I would
say if I could be that guy that that is
willing to just try to just take risks
and and carve a path for yourself I
would want to be that guy I wanna I
would want to live a fulfilled life to
your future so how can anybody could do
that man
anybody could do that that's not
cost-prohibitive it's it's dangerous
there's risks but but that's why it's
good right if you knew you could be like
if you play even play a video game in
god mode and just run around shooting
everything pretty much you can't die
that's boring that's dumb it's boring
what's exciting is you could die right
yeah I guess it's just like real life
yeah it was exciting his risk you don't
want to be that guy who's just barely
alive but alive right fuck that and by
existing yeah I exist right you're live
man so we worked it out you're gonna do
stand-up right I'm gonna go hang gliding
all I wanna do right now is just smoke
marijuana and then going online is how
one of the greatest jiu-jitsu artists of
all time
holls Gracie that's how you died really
yeah man there's one of the greatest of
all time but I'm not have lifted anymore
Chile this have told me about this
uplifting Binion's die what the hell's
going to reward if you land oh great
you're still alive there's no reward
well you got to almost die flying around
but now I'm confused you don't slam into
a cliff bro but wait a minute you just
said that it's this an exciting thing no
let's not you could almost die if you
quit your job right and then you take a
path that you may or may not succeed on
where you do succeed you're gonna feel
invigorated you took a chance and you
want it's like I got here look at that
gentleman rushing away saw this right oh
no what happened oh just a mishap
oh no the guys left okay I just watch
for a second and see what you think is
wrong here in the first 10 seconds
I can't believe I can't show this
everybody online people know what's up
oh my god he's not attached now not just
wait
welcome charge here the guy that in the
blue he's the he's the like leader guy
oh and good luck here
oh crap they are flying and he is
holding on tight but Hernan they are
very high uh and they're going higher um
just just to be clear this is a very
this last four minutes this is like this
last four minutes yeah turn around do
you have any idea how hard it is to hold
on yes - four - four minutes yeah even
two minutes is hard how did this guy do
this how did he manage to hang on luck I
don't know like they're the person in
blue is holding on oh my god got one
hand do I do a pull-up and I say this
yes I do a pokemen get my arm light
might be able to the drag of the win how
does he hang on oh my god it get down to
the bottom it is amazing his grip
strength is incredible his forearms
would be huge his his grip strength
incredible because oh what a chicken he
couldn't wait till he got to the actual
ground so I just couldn't I'm just
kidding well I don't think the guy even
really landed this is a very high
definition video was taken on fire
what's go pro go pro Wow proper way to
land dick first fuck that he hit a rock
with the locks Rams okay upon impact my
right wrist suffered a fragmented distal
radius fracture which required surgery
damn son think so like he took a risk
but like there's a reward the words that
got an adrenaline rush that's whole will
go hand gliding and stuff I hit up hang
gliding parasailing all the water sports
mmm yeah you get a little bit of an
adrenaline rush you know I mean if you
want to live for that little drug the
little adrenaline drug go ahead what if
you went hunting right mm-hmm and we
also towards bicep tendon from holding
on as long as you did what relative damn
damn they like ya face hoping tomorrow
Wow geez so what if you went hunting
right and you didn't kill anything cuz
it's still fun happens all the time yeah
sure so it's not it's the thought you
might catch something well it's not even
that you don't say catch oh sorry yes
kill something
joy something no no something and
something but I run it water down they
called harvest harvesting it now they
actually do throw it's not a pumpkin
yeah fucking deer killed oh yeah yeah I
mean it's difficult to do but if you do
that's one of the reasons why when you
do do it it feels like you accomplished
something right yeah so that's the
positive aspect of it the positive
aspect of it is that there's a reward
when you pull it off not just that you
like serve I like I want to go running
with the bowl look I loved you yeah I
lived awesome yeah I guess that's a good
way to think about it roller coasters
I like roller coasters but I have kids
okay I like roller coasters so my kids
it was just for me I want to fucking
Disneyland know you like them because of
your my kids like it so I guess what I
love it is why people like that they
like roller coast conciliated ritalin
rocks yeah it gives a little adrenaline
rush yeah I feel uncomfortable because I
feel like if I died this would be so
stupid I didn't need to do this right
but I did this for a cheap thrill and it
broke and I went flying off in the free
white boy yeah you know got a lace you
know those weird carnivals that like
pull up the Ronnie hokey looking one
that you pull up in like six trucks and
it like unfolds as like a checkers board
dude came in my neighborhood and they
had this fucking thing where you spin
around really fast no way to the wall
not for a pop-up I took pictures of the
way it was said I think it's on
Instagram you probably won't be able to
find it I took pictures like years ago
yeah the way this thing was like on like
five or six different two-by-fours it
was like on blocks I was so lucky
and people were climbing in there oh boy
I think your chances of dying at those
things are like whoa how did you find
that so quickly how'd you find that I'm
a Google master good you're a Google
master but look at that thing let's go
stupid edit so you can see the stacks of
wood that is so good hello jeez how they
do that to balance it out because they
put that fucking thing on a hill well so
what were you doing there was your keys
were on that no I didn't get on that
thing but they you know you squirt the
fucking gun little clown face and the
balloon pops and you want to what would
you nail at at one of those carnivals
what do you like kill every not good at
anything
those things yeah it's it could be
against you it sucks so I'll bring it
back to aliens yeah yeah oh yeah I'm
gonna wrap this up it's already three
o'clock please please please yeah we've
been doing it for three hours are you
shitting me
yeah what yeah for real damn alright if
the aliens came to you yeah said rich
yeah we're gonna give you this
technology whatever it is gonna be yes
but y'all can't tell anyone else yeah
would you be willing to what technology
hey well what if the government brings
you to area 51 like Bob Lazar and they
bring you down to the base yeah and they
show you an alien spacecraft they go
we're gonna let you examine this we know
that you love to tinker and back
engineer things but you can't tell
anybody are you in I'll do it a
heartbeat because you you owe us the
rest of the human race like these
fucking assholes in the government
they're gonna keep you you telling us
the truth yeah don't you think it would
affect the whole world if we knew now
honestly I probably tell you one anyways
cuz the fact that they called the Tesla
guy to go down there you of course
you're gonna rat them out
well that's who I would call if I was
the government I wouldn't call some
respectable scientists from Stanford cuz
that guy's call some dude who would be
like easily discredited right guy who
maybe like a little fudgy with yes
science reports ambitious maybe
plagiarized a little bit in college yeah
those are shit that's me yeah i would go
with some guy whose was that otto tactic
is that what the word what someone
learns themselves is that what the word
there's a lot right said the word
there's a lot of geniuses out there yeah
I just don't have the credentials very
smart people and autodidact yeah
take that car take that guy would you do
that
no I'd tell everybody why 100 percent
why would you why do you entrust those
out so you know anyone anything cuz I
would I would want everyone to know well
what are they gonna do with if I wake
out with a live with myself really 100
percent yeah if the government wants to
tell me some secrets let me tell you
something I'll tell everybody yeah would
you say that first I would definitely
tell them I'm telling everybody realize
they don't show it to me
really yeah I would say don't show it
but that's that's not progressing the
human race forward because there's
always the goal is for you to see it a
confirming right you want to see a
converting tell everyone you just be
gonna say go I don't want to go I don't
want to die and I don't want them to
kill me so I would say listen you show
me you fit
maybe people have died already and we
don't know it's deep maybe bro yeah look
into it I don't know it would be a thing
where I would in all honesty depends on
what stage of my life if I was 30 years
old and they said I'm gonna show you
this
you can't show anybody are you willing
I'd be like yeah sure sure
but at 50 I'd be like no yeah no I'm not
making any deals yeah I don't want to
make a deal or you tell me that I can't
tell anybody about right I mean it's one
thing if it's a business thing like hey
we're gonna Apple is gonna show you the
new iPhone don't tell anybody
oh sure I won't tell anybody right fine
but this is something what it would
affect the human race
how would a li how would the
confirmation of aliens affect the human
race you think yes there are aliens now
what we're gonna do
realistically you would have to have
confirmation that was undeniable and
your own eyewitness I'm gonna think
you're crazy they'll shoot you anyway
exactly I just think you're a fool and
they'll just make you look like a dunce
and no it would actually probably help
their cause right because no one would
ever believe you and no one would take
alien seriously after that which is one
of the arguments for like what they
actually did with Project Blue Book like
there was a guy named Philip Corso and J
Allen Hynek was the guy was running
Project Blue Book and one of the things
they famously said after was over that
they were they would just try to debunk
things and make these things look
foolish yeah and that anything they
found that they couldn't explain they
just tucked away but the things that
they could explain even if the
explanation didn't jive yeah came up
with an explanation just to make people
realize that aliens were bullshit right
but he through the course of Project
Blue Book studying now now you have to
ask your question this question he
through the end of it he decided that
aliens were real and that we had been
contacted yeah however you always have
to question whether someone every is
doing that
because this is a new avenue for them to
make money is this a new stream of
revenue I'm gonna do the lecture circuit
I'm gonna write books I mean if you're a
guy were for Project Blue Book and then
they shut Project Blue Book down you
don't have any more money yeah you're
broke and you decide well I don't want
to
work for the government anymore you know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna write
stories about UFOs the sort of podcast
suck these assholes right
I mean J Allen Hynek died a long time
ago I believe right Google J Allen Hynek
project Bluebook UFOs all right I'm
pretty sure there's interviews where
after he said he is sure after all of
his time studying that there is and has
been some contact yeah extraterrestrials
what do you think I don't I don't know
see me me personally I have zero
experience right all right well so it
doesn't spirits
someone might what do you got what you
laughing at you don't talk about looking
into about this topic so this guy worked
at that company I've told him told you
about in in Columbus Ohio yeah he was a
teacher of physics and astronomy at Ohio
State 1936 so you think there's some
real shit going down you think some real
shit's going down I don't know about all
the alien technologies are actually what
about beings or aliens or something
there's something going on and it has to
do with that company and it has to do
with everything you're talking about in
Project Blue Book I don't know what it
is that's very fake I know super
something's going on guys I can't
because it's it to me it doesn't seem
fair to just go with the big conspiracy
but there are facts that you can look up
and find so once you get to the bottom
of the investigation you'll have a
report for I want to leave some of the
gross stuff out yeah it's one of those
subjects that inherently starts looking
crazy until aliens show up there was
like that what was that movie was them
the recent movie with the the the way
they spoke in like smoke Oh Oh God was
that big arrival arrival if something
like that shows up then all the sudden
our perceptions completely change
they'll wait undeniable there's like
just some giant Los Angeles size gang
floating over the continental US yeah
we'd be like okay so has to think so why
would you so if we let's just say we had
a microscope right periscope whatever
whatever you call it look into space
really Oscar telescope yeah a periscope
if it was a submarine
so and we see an alien you know colony
yeah I'm like Mars what would we do we'd
study it yeah we try to communicate with
it but would that be a good move like
what if they came over to us now go oh
look at these fucking dumb champs do you
think these do they you think they're
any foreign or alien species were think
we're idiots a hundred percent of really
think we're idiots yeah if they're
advanced to the point where they've
gotten control over their emotions and
anger right I mean just think about how
much tribal warfare grows on still on
America in the world you know how much
how much warfare is taking place how
many people are dying how many innocent
people are dying drones all that kind of
stuff they'd be aware of all that they'd
be aware of our polluting of the
environment they'd be aware of our
depleting the ocean of its fish they're
just pulling in giant nets filled with
what the fuck are you people doing
they'd be looking at coal plants and the
president United States the greatest
superpower of the world's ever known
saying things like clean coal like clean
coal what do you think so so what do you
think okay so someone comes to visit us
right what's the dumbest thing that
they're gonna notice the first you say
oh wow this is the dumbest thing I've
ever seen what's the number-one thing
you visit our planet the number-one
dumbest thing they're gonna see him just
probably gonna think the pollutions the
number-one dumbest like yours are
shitting in the environment that you
need to sustain you all right you're and
you're doing this in it's not like you
don't have the resources to fix that -
it money yeah we have incredible amounts
of money but yet the money's not going
towards that yeah massive resources
should be going to removing carbon from
the atmosphere
removing particulates from the
atmosphere yeah like brake dust and all
the shit that's in these cities and well
you're these cars are constantly
slamming on their brakes that dust you
have to clean off your wheels
that shit's everywhere right in your
lungs baby it's fucking everywhere yeah
and takes years off people's lives it
absolutely does they would look at all
that they would go go why aren't they
looking at that like why aren't they why
don't they have some sort of system in
place to mitigate all the problems I've
created in terms of like I mean oh they
got rid of plastic straw right yeah keep
keep the caps though keep the bottles to
fine keep the tabs that you pull off of
things keep PLAs
- crap everything's plastic they think
of those new disintegrating straws by
the way ridiculous yeah it's like I want
to keep around what stainless steel you
should but you have to clean it though
about that same thing you could all stab
somebody if somebody attacks you yeah
and yeah I'm sorry that I snapped their
hunch a hole through them like that
Walking Dead crossbow bolt yeah yeah I
think that's the big one that we would
that they would get they would go wow
these people are crazy
the other thing they would say is the
nuclear power thing like when you find
out things like the Fukushima plant they
didn't have a any sort of back-up plan
to shut the hell out shut it down yeah
like you don't know what happens if your
generator goes out oh well we're fuck
well no it's fing Rayleigh nuclear
meltdown and everything dies forever
yeah yeah they didn't plan on that like
that the fact that we they built these
plants and they have no idea to shut
them off like that's crazy yeah the
aliens are probably like these people
are their fucking mind they're smart
enough to figure out how to harness
nuclear power but what they use it for
is to generate a steam yeah constant and
it has to stay on forever that's why
they put them near the oceans like these
guys are assholes any sense yeah now the
other thing too is that how would you
let's just say things are going to shit
really quickly right right there's a
nuclear power plant that's gonna blow up
any second now any second how would you
are you like I know you're an outdoorsy
guy you hunt you kill harvest as they
say sorry how long do you think you
could survive if things went to shit
really quickly if you have to survive
you have all the money you want right
mm-hmm but like how long you think you
could survive in the wilderness it would
be very hard it's not easy and not only
that you got to get through the winter
so you're gonna have to build some sort
of a shelter but it
there's no winter here that was there I
mean that's in LA but in Big Bear which
is only a couple hours north in here
yeah I mean there's plenty of places we
could drive in a couple hours
you could go to Big Bear and then you
can go down to the beach you could
experience the desert yeah you could
experience a lot of different climates
it would really depend upon where you
were stuck and what what you would eat
so the thing is if you want to stay in
the LA area you're dead because you're
not gonna be able to eat shit there's
nothing here would you stay in your
hello could you my great give your kids
why you got to get out of here so you'd
leave if you drive your Tesla right
no way what no way who's a big debate
that I had if in a crisis situation
right uh-huh
would you take the test Oh would you
take what would you take I have a Toyota
Landcruiser with a VA gallon gas - hell
yeah I got a apocalypse 'mobile but so
now I won I got I got shit on so much
for this I said the same exact things I
listened in a no shit situation I would
leave the tussle behind who argued with
you about the a lot of people I leave it
behind I take my pickup truck
yeah Tacoma that's right deal with gas
500 well you know in an emergency crisis
situation you don't have access to the
gap what if the gasoline didn't work the
liquor store you fill it up with alcohol
well run where we had the hurricane in
Florida well now everyone was saying
like you have that the gas pumps
wouldn't work because the electricity
was shut off and but the supercharger is
still working you could get to your
destination still unlike Tesla's use
less energy it's like at the end of the
day I happen to pick up truck with like
two shotguns and like five things the
gasoline and be fine I don't understand
that yeah they also make tanks that you
can put in your gas tank in your of the
bed of your truck rather there are like
these survival tanks the drive as far as
you want hundred miles yeah and they've
more and they that you drive thousands
of miles there's a guy who actually
there was a podcast that I listened to
this guy who is like an extreme prepper
and he actually made a trip with one
tank of gas yeah from Arizona to Canada
damn he drove all the way up to Canada
all the way across with one tank of gas
because this massive tank on the back of
his pickup truck right feeds directly
into his primary gas tank yeah yeah and
you can get these they're like these
survival tanks and you know the hosts
like hundreds of gallilee you're also a
turtle I probably shoot I probably shoot
it the guys car do that I don't know how
sudden you're lawless yeah the lights go
off for five minutes want to kill
everyone you're starting fires shooting
cars yeah so so then alright so you
leave you take your family right you
have your kids of your wife
wait where you gonna go you hop in your
Land Cruiser where you gonna go you have
a real power what are you gonna bring
you well you would have to bring things
to start a fire and things to kill
animals right those are the things that
it would be
important I would bring guns right I'd
bring bows I'd bring ammunition and
arrows but I would realistically realize
that first of all I'm not gonna make
more bullets and I'm not gonna make more
arrows am I gonna do and how long am I
gonna last marijuana no okay no no I'll
be just trying to stay alive yeah but
you'd also be trying to stay alive for a
long period of time right you might want
to bring it that's the pain no really
what no it's not gonna that I mean
marijuana for pain relief I mean I guess
it works yeah that's not what I use a
pain at night of the impending doom
years yeah you'd be freaking out even
more I'm freaking out plenty yeah I may
be out I mean I just there's no there's
not room I would bring water for water
purification tablets no food that would
bring food
I'd probably being food in the form of
heavy-duty bars like that take don't
take up a lot of space but dense and
nutrient-rich like there's those green
belly bottom bars yeah something that
has a lot of calories high calories in a
small package a small size all right
where are you heading yeah exactly
going Goods yeah you got to go somewhere
where there's animals and even then
you're not gonna make it and your kids
are probably not gonna make it that's
the real thing is true.you the idea that
you're gonna live off of animals this
isn't the Serengeti man there's not a
lot of animals unless you're somewhere
where you can find a lot of fucking
animals all right like rabbits and shit
you got to keep them like you're gonna
have to kill them every other day
because they're not gonna last with the
heat and your kids not going to eat our
dead rabbit for sure yeah they'll eat a
rabbit yeah my kids leave pretty much
anything you got to start a fire yes
really
yeah but it's not easy no it's not if
you have a string and a bow and two
pieces of dried wood and you know
hardwood and a softer wood you can do it
now you can do it but it ain't easy like
starting to bow with one of those yeah
now two months that takes a little while
really but it's not easy you're better
off of a flint if you have a flint and a
piece of metal you can start a fire
pretty easy mark yeah and also you want
to bring with you some tinder you wanna
if you have some dry tinder she been out
with you too but you're in for a world
of hate
yeah now the world of shit if you want
to really survive right those whenever I
watch those two
viable shows which I love by the way
that I'm ready into that shit they're
exciting yeah I mean in that should I do
a yet check it was asking about this guy
YouTube kind of fed this to me the other
day
self documentary of him spending 300
days on an island by himself she got
dropped off with a satellite phone cuz
he ends up getting hurt at some point
yeah
you couldn't don't hand off no I'm not
showing on here cuz there's lots of
views you can look it up 200 days alone
he he does it at the very end of it his
friend meets him and he shows him what
he's been doing for like the last two
weeks all alone this is a volcano on
this island yeah he looked like he
freaked out he's basically cast away at
the end of this fuckin vacuum oh yeah
I'm sure pretty cool look that's a
fucking hard thing to do just for your
mind I didn't do that he's weaving
together ropes and shit yeah yeah fuck
you they put you want an island Holly
the Hugh glass I probably last I'd make
it maybe 45 minutes depends on if I knew
that my family was still alive yeah I
will make it really yeah I'll figure out
a way to make him a little pig oh oh my
god for a little while I thought it was
dead he's gonna kill it no no no he kept
it as a pet and I could ended up running
away how did he feed it he feeds it he
told you shows you what he does it's
pretty wild so that well it means he's
on a very animal rich environment if
he's on an island with pigs trapped it
gets something in it
so did he kill any pigs I didn't why
honestly did another tire thing that's
not messing around it I didn't watch the
whole thing because it's true drinking
the pigs is how you caught fish guys
drop them off he just said don't come
back for 300 days he charged the
batteries for this footage you have cell
phone chargers to use satellite or use
solar power a lot of guys use those when
they're really but yeah my friend Adam
green tree yeah he lives in Australia
and every year he comes to America and
he's a bow hunter and he do like a one
month trek solo yeah in the mountains
hunting for elk and he uses these solar
panels the
lays out a charged battery packs and
charges his phone and so he he got very
famous on Instagram for documenting all
this in his Instagram stories yeah like
he got an altercation with a grizzly
bear and he was documenting it like he
could see in the Instagram story the
bear standing up no shaking at him and
and coming towards him and he's got a
pistol out it turned out the pistol was
jammed did you throw at the bear then he
didn't he didn't have to but he had it
pointed at the he didn't even understand
that the pistol it wasn't his pistol so
yeah let him borrow it for personal
safety in the forest and the bullet was
the wrong size for the pistol I could
have blew up in his hand if you're not
careful but yeah something who knows
yeah not good but he's fine now he's
okay
okay Australian man they're a different
breed of people have some shit down
there yeah yeah they're the children of
criminals oh that's what it is the
British like British people who back
then when everybody was a criminal right
you guys are too crazy yeah get the fuck
off our continent exactly what you want
paraphilia Hey put them in paradise
yeah but I have crazy animals down there
giant spiders and shit but the people
are cool as fuck mint it's like a weird
thing like somehow or another that
worked you can you've been there a bunch
times yeah I love Australia like we do
down there well you should do stand-up
down there maybe you should start your
tour yeah the things I have no income
really right just it's right now yeah
for now that's the tough thing is that
staying out that hostel really like
brought things of the prospective right
it's like snoring farting that's what
I'm saying yeah people just like
standing for me but naked I'm like hey
hey whatever hey you know it's just
crazy it's crazy world man crazy world
listen dude I got to wrap this up but
yeah did a pleasure I'm really glad we
did it so if I had a feelings gonna work
out this way can i plug my Instagram I
am I at my shop so check me out
Instagram at Richie be kid
Ric hie BK idd and on my youtube channel
rich rebuilds and the shop I'm opening
electrified garage check it out
well thank you sir there's a lot of fun
man and I wish it I want you to come
back a year from now saying you doing
stand-up yeah everything's kickin the
house like a joke asshole this man sucks
i won for 300 days this sucks man
thank you brother whose awesome awesome
a thank you bye thank you bye everybody
[Music]